
**World of Warcraft Patch 4.2**

Notes for all World of Warcraft patches can be found [here][1].

**[Elemental Bonds][2]**

What was to be an auspicious event at the ancient World Tree Nordrassil has
ended in tragedy. There, members of the Cenarion Circle and Earthen Ring,
including former warchief Thrall, had gathered with the noble Dragon Aspects
to unite their powers and restore Nordrassil for the good of Azeroth. Yet word
has now spread that a shadowy Twilight's Hammer agent interrupted the ceremony
and struck down Thrall with dark magics... casting his spirit into the four
domains of the Elemental Plane. If these terrible rumors hold true, the
Earthen Ring--indeed, all of Azeroth--has lost one of its greatest champions.

**[The Regrowth and Molten Front][3]**

Although the night elves and their allies repelled Ragnaros's initial invasion
of Hyjal, their work on the sacred mount is far from over. Archdruid Malfurion
Stormrage has gathered his comrades at the Sanctuary of Malorne within the
newly healed Regrowth to invade Ragnaros's domain: the Firelands. Once inside
the Elemental Plane, Hyjal's defenders hope to establish a permanent
stronghold. Yet these plans have come under threat by a ferocious new
elemental assault that has swept through the Regrowth. Despite this setback,
Hyjal's protectors remain steadfast in their mission, for they know that it is
in the molten heart of the Firelands that the fate of Mount Hyjal will be
decided.

**[The Firelands][4]**

The time to strike at Ragnaros draws near. The battle to protect Mount Hyjal
now rages in the depths of Ragnaros's smoldering realm. As territory is gained
by Azeroth's defenders and they draw closer to the inner sanctums of the
Firelands, a monumental task awaits. Ragnaros's lair--Sulfuron Keep--is
closely guarded by his most loyal servants, including the traitorous Druids of
the Flame and their mysterious leader. Yet the brave heroes who have ventured
into this ash-choked domain cannot afford to shy away from any danger. The
outcome of the battles that lie ahead will determine the very survival of
Azeroth.

**[Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest][5]**

Uncertainty looms over the blue dragonflight's domain, the Nexus, as its
members struggle to appoint a new leader. Split between the two likeliest
successors--Kalecgos and Arygos--the flight has agreed to meet during a rare
celestial event known as the Embrace in the hopes that a new Aspect will
finally be chosen. The bronze dragon Anachronos, however, has detected
something sinister at work around the Nexus, threatening to compromise the
ceremony. If a hero does not rise to investigate these dark forces and uncover
their intentions, Anachronos believes that Azeroth's doom is imminent.

**_Table of Contents_**

_Click a link to be taken directly to the corresponding section of the patch
notes._

  * [General][6]

  * [Achievements][7]

  * [Classes: General][8]

    * [![][9]][10] [Death Knights][10], [![][11]][12] [Druids][12],
[![][13]][14] [Hunters][14], [![][15]][16] [Mages][16], [![][17]][18]
[Paladins][18],

    * [![][19]][20] [Priests][20], [![][21]][22] [Rogues][22], [![][23]][24]
[Shaman][24], [![][25]][26] [Warlocks][26], [![][27]][28] [Warriors][28]

  * [Currency][29]

  * [Dungeons & Raids][30]

  * [Guilds][31]

  * [Items][32]

  * [Professions][33]

  * [PvP][34]

  * [Quests & Creatures][35]

  * [Races][36]

  * [User Interface][37]

  * [Technical][38]

**General**

  * New Daily Quests: The Regrowth and Molten Front

    * A large assortment of all-new daily quests and rewards are now available
in Hyjal, where players can help the Guardians of Hyjal push back the allies
of Ragnaros and establish a forward operating base in the Firelands! In order
to partake in the Regrowth and Molten Front daily quests, players must have at
least completed Mount Hyjal up to and including the quest Aessina's Miracle.
Once this quest has been completed, players should speak with Matoclaw in the
Sanctuary of Malorne to take part in the Regrowth efforts.

  * New Quest Chain: Elemental Bonds

    * A New quest line is now available to level-85 Horde and Alliance
characters, bringing brave adventurers to Thrall's aid. The Call of the World-
Shaman, the quest which will point players toward Thrall and The Nordrassil
Summit, can be obtained at the Earthshrines in Stormwind or Orgrimmar.

  * New Raid: The Firelands

    * Located within the Elemental Plane, the Firelands is an all-new 10- and
25-player raid featuring normal and Heroic difficulties! Battle-hardened
veterans of the Horde and Alliance now have an opportunity to strike at
Ragnaros the Firelord and his loyal servants by venturing into their domain
via Sulfuron Spire in Mount Hyjal.

  * New Legendary Item: Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest

    * Steadfast raiders have an opportunity to embark on a series of quests to
create an all-new legendary caster staff. In order to begin the process of
assembling the staff, players must first kill a Molten Lord in the Firelands.
Once a Molten Lord is killed, players can accept the quest A Legendary
Engagement from Ziradormi in Grommash Hold in Orgrimmar, or Coridormi atop the
Wizard's Sanctum in Stormwind. The legendary item questline is only available
to druids, mages, priests, shaman, and warlocks.

  * New User Interface Feature: Dungeon Journal

    * A host of dungeon information is now built into the user interface via
the all-new Dungeon Journal. This feature can be accessed via a new button in
the Navigation tray from anywhere in the world. Boss background story,
encounter details, abilities, and loot can be viewed with the Dungeon Journal
for all bosses which have been integrated into the new system (this includes
bosses for all Cataclysm dungeons and raids). Additional dungeons are planned
to be incorporated in future updates.

**[Achievements][39]**

  * Bear-ly Made It (new achievement): Save all four prisoners before they are
sacrificed in Zul'Aman on Heroic difficulty.

**[Classes: General][40]**

  * All healing critical strikes now heal for 2 times a normal heal (+100%),
up from 1.5 times a normal heal (+50%).

  * Players are once again free to dance in combat (without causing graphic
errors). Other animations, such as attacks, will take precedence over dancing.
The dance animation will be suppressed until the higher priority animation is
complete. Fun has been unnerfed.

  * Buffs

    * All class abilities which place a buff on friendly targets no longer
generate any threat. This goes for raid-wide buffs like Mark of the Wild and
Power Word: Fortitude, as well as triggered effects such as Blessed Resilience
or Fingers of Frost, and single-target buffs like Dark Intent and Hysteria.
The exception is buffs which directly cause healing or damage, such as Thorns
or Renew. Abilities such as these still generate normal threat.

  * Crowd Control

    * Many crowd control abilities no longer cause creatures to attack players
when they are cast. The creature will not attack the player when the crowd
control wears off, and nearby creatures will not become hostile to the player
either. However, if a visible player gets too close to the target creature,
the creature will remember and attack the player when the crowd control effect
wears off. The intent is to make it easier for dungeon groups to manage crowd
control assignments and pulling packs of hostile NPCs. The abilities affected
by this change are: Hibernate, Entangling Roots, Wyvern Sting (will still
cause hostility when it begins to deal damage), Freezing Trap, Polymorph,
Repentance, Shackle Undead, Blind, Hex, Bind Elemental, Banish, Seduction.

  * Pets

    * The Aggressive pet stance has been removed and replaced with the Assist
stance. This stance will cause the player's pet to attack the player's target.
The pet will not change targets unless the master attacks a new target for a
few seconds.

    * The Defensive pet stance will now only cause the player's pet to attack
enemies which attack the pet or the master.

  * Spell Interrupts

    * When interrupted while casting a single-school spell such as Mind Flay
or Frostbolt, players will now be able to cast dual-school spells such as Mind
Spike (Frost and Shadow schools) or Frostfire Bolt (Frost and Fire schools).
However, being interrupted while casting a dual-school spell will still
interrupt all respective schools as intended.

  * Stats

    * Death knights, paladins, and warriors no longer receive any bonus to
their chance to dodge from Agility. Their base chance to dodge is now a fixed
5%.

    * Death knights, paladins, and warriors now receive 27% of their Strength
bonuses as parry rating, up from 25%. This conversion still only applies to
Strength above and beyond their base Strength.

  * General Class Bug Fixes

    * Players should no longer incorrectly receive a message stating they
interrupted a spell cast when they did not.

    * Actions bars will no longer briefly disappear when characters that have
a stance bar enter a vehicle.

**[![][9]][41] [Death Knights][41]**

  * Obliterate base damage has been reduced to 150% weapon damage, down from
160%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Frost

      * Hungering Cold now has a 1.5-second cast time.

      * Might of the Frozen Wastes now increases two-handed weapon damage by
3/7/10%, down from 4/8/12%.

    * Unholy

      * Unholy Might now increases Strength by 20%, up from 5%.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Dark Succor has been redesigned. Rather than placing a 15%
maximum health floor on Death Strike healing while in Frost or Unholy
Presence, it causes the next Death Strike within 15 seconds after killing a
foe that yields experience or Honor Points to heal for at least 20% of the
death knight's maximum health (still requires Frost or Unholy Presence).

  * Death Knight Bug Fixes

    * The talent Killing Machine can now properly be triggered from off-hand
attacks as well as main-hand attacks.

**[![][11]][42] [Druids][42]**

  * Druids now gain 1 attack power per point of Strength, down from 2. They
continue to gain 2 attack power per point of Agility while in Cat Form or Bear
Form. In addition, Cat Form's scaling rate from gear upgrades was slower than
other classes, which was causing them to fall behind in damage with higher
item levels. To counter the Strength change and improve scaling, the following
changes have been made. All numbers cited are for level-85 druids.

    * Ferocious Bite damage has been increased by 15%. In addition, its base
cost has been reduced to 25 energy and it can use up to 25 energy, for up to a
100% damage increase.

    * Mangle (Cat) damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 540%
weapon damage, up from 460%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 302.

    * Rake initial damage on hit now deals the same damage as each periodic
tick (and is treated the same for all combat calculations). Periodic damage
now gains 14.7% of attack power per tick, up from 12.6%, and base damage per
tick has been lowered from 557 to 56. There is a known issue with Rake's
tooltip being incorrect from this change will be corrected in a future patch.

    * Ravage damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 950% weapon
damage, up from 850%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 532.

    * Savage Roar now grants 80% increased damage to melee auto attacks, up
from 50%. The Glyph of Savage Roar remains an unchanged bonus of 5% to that
total.

    * Shred damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 540% weapon
damage, up from 450%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 302.

  * Entangling Roots and the equivalent spell triggered by Nature's Grasp no
longer deal damage.

  * Innervate now grants an ally target 5% of his or her maximum mana over 10
seconds, but still grants 20% of the druid's maximum mana over 10 seconds when
self-cast.

  * Omen of Clarity clearcasting buff from now lasts 15 seconds, up from 8
seconds.

  * Starfire damage has been increased by approximately 23%.

  * Swipe (Cat) now deals 600% weapon damage at level 80 or higher, down from
670%.

  * Wrath damage has been increased by approximately 23%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Balance

      * Earth and Moon's duration has been increased to 15 seconds, up from
12.

      * Fungal Growth spell visual effect has been updated to be less visually
intrusive and more aesthetic.

      * Lunar Shower has been redesigned. When casting Moonfire, the druid
gains Lunar Shower. Lunar Shower increases the direct damage done by Moonfire
by 15/30/45%, and reduces the mana cost by 10/20/30%. This effect stacks up to
3 times and lasts 3 seconds. While under the effects of Lunar Shower, Moonfire
generates 8 Solar Energy, and Sunfire generates 8 Lunar Energy. The amount of
Lunar/Solar Energy gained does not change based on the number of points spent
in the talent, or stacks of Lunar Shower. Those druids who wish to delay
transition in or out of an Eclipse state should now cast the one of their two
basic attacks which will not move the Eclipse bar (either Starfire or Wrath).

      * Solar Beam has a new spell effect.

      * Wild Mushroom: Detonate can now also trigger Earth and Moon, in
addition to Starfire and Wrath.

    * Feral

      * Bear damage abilities were scaling too fast with higher gear levels
compared to other tanks, so the following balance changes have been made. All
the numbers cited are for level 85 characters; numbers will be lower for
lower-level characters.

        * Faerie Fire (Feral) base damage has been raised to 2950, up from
679. Attack power scaling has been decreased to 10.8%, down from 15%.

        * Maul base damage has been raised to 35, up from 8. Attack power
scaling has been decreased to 19%, down from 26.4%.

        * Pulverize weapon damage percent has been decreased to 60%, down from
80%. Damage per Lacerate application has been increased to 1623, up from 361.

        * Mangle (Bear) weapon damage percent has been decreased to 190%, down
from 260%. Bonus damage has been increased to 3306, down from 754.

        * Swipe base damage has been increased to 929, up from 215. Attack
power scaling has been decreased to 12.3%, down from 17.1%.

        * Thrash initial base damage has been increased to 1042, up from 339.
Initial damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 9.82%, down from
19.2%. Periodic base damage has been increased to 581, up from 189. Periodic
damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 1.67%, down from 3.26%. In
addition, a bug was corrected where armor decreased the periodic damage done
by this ability.

        * Lacerate initial base damage has been increased to 3608, up from
2089. Initial damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 5.52%, down
from 7.66%. Periodic base damage has been increased to 69, up from 16.
Periodic damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 0.369%, down from
0.512%.

      * Natural Reaction damage reduction has been increased to 9/18%, up from
6/12%.

    * Restoration

      * Symbiosis (Mastery) has been removed and replaced with Harmony.
Harmony increases direct healing by an additional 10%, and casting direct
healing spells grants an additional 10% bonus to periodic healing for 10
seconds. Each point of mastery increases each bonus by an additional 1.25%.
Healing Touch, Nourish, Swiftmend, and the initial heal from Regrowth are
considered direct healing spells for the purposes of this Mastery. All other
healing from druid spells is considered periodic.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Berserk duration increase is now 10 seconds, up from 5.

    * Glyph of Ferocious Bite has been redesigned. It now causes Ferocious
Bite to heal the caster for 1% of maximum health for each 10 energy used.

    * Glyph of Innervate now causes the druid to gain 10% of his or her
maximum mana over 10 seconds when Innervate is used on a friendly target, in
addition to Innervate's base effect.

  * Set Bonuses

    * The 4-piece Balance druid tier 11 PvE set bonus, Astral Alignment, now
provides a total of 15% critical strike chance with 3 charges, decreasing by
5% per charge, instead of 99% decreasing by 33% per charge. This change was
made because the set bonus proved so valuable it was not possible to upgrade
out of the set into tier 12. To compensate, changes have been made to Starfire
and Wrath (listed at the top of the druid class section).

    * The 2-piece Restoration druid tier 11 PvE set bonus has been redesigned
to work with the new Restoration druid mastery. Druids with this bonus now
receive the bonus to Spirit while the Harmony mastery bonus to periodic
healing is active.

  * Druid Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible in some encounters to use Feral Charge when
closer than its minimum range.

**[![][13]][43] [Hunters][43]**

  * Multi-shot damage has been reduced. It now deals 120% weapon damage at
level 80 or higher, down from 137%.

  * Traps now scale with hunter stats such as hit, expertise, spell
penetration and attack power as intended.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Marksmanship

      * Careful Aim now grants additional critical strike chance against
targets over 90% health, up from 80% health.

    * Survival

      * Black Arrow damage done has been increased by roughly 40%.

  * Pets

    * 10 new rare tamable beasts have been added, each of which provides a
unique taming challenge. Will you be the first hunter to tame Deth'tilac, the
rarest and most powerful of them all? Players will need to progress through
the Hyjal Regrowth and Molten Front daily questing areas in order to unlock
access to the full gamut of taming challenges.

    * Intervene (Pet Tenacity) has been redesigned. The pet runs at high speed
toward a group member, reducing the damage done by the next melee or ranged
attack made against them equal to 50% of the pet's total health.

**[![][15]][44] [Mages][44]**

  * Arcane Blast damage done has been reduced by 5%.

  * Pyroblast cast when Hot Streak is not active was doing slightly less
damage than the Hot Streak version. Its damage has been increased so that both
versions of Pyroblast now do the same amount of damage.

  * Spellsteal mana cost has been increased by 100%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Fire

      * When Impact spreads Living Bomb, it will only be spread to two
additional targets. The net effect is that if the mage's most recent Living
Bomb target is the same as their Impact target, that target will no longer
lose the Living Bomb effect. If Living Bomb is active on multiple targets when
the Impact effect is cast, Living Bomb will remain active on the most recent
Living Bomb target, and will be added to two other nearby targets.

    * Frost

      * Deep Freeze and Ring of Frost will cause diminishing returns on each
other, in addition to the spells they normally share diminishing returns with.

**[![][17]][45] [Paladins][45]**

  * Divine Light mana cost has been increased to 35% of base mana, up from
30%.

  * Flash of Light mana cost has been increased to 31% of base mana, up from
27%.

  * Guardian of Ancient Kings uses the new Assist pet stance functionality.

  * Holy Light mana cost has been increased to 12% of base mana, up from 10%.

  * Rebuke, Divine Shield and Divine Protection have new icons.

  * Seal of Righteousness now can be activated by any melee ability, not just
single target melee abilities. This adds Hammer of the Righteous (the physical
component) and Divine Storm to the list of abilities that can activate this
seal. In addition, Seal of Righteousness procs can now be critical effects.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Holy

      * Beacon of Light can no longer be dispelled. In addition, it now
transfers 100% of the heal from Holy Light, but still 50% of the heal from
other spells.

      * Denounce has been redesigned. It still reduces the mana cost of
Exorcism. However, it no longer has a chance on Holy Shock of making Exorcism
free and instant. Instead, it has a 50/100% chance to prevent the Exorcism
target from causing critical effects for the next 6 seconds. This effect can
be dispelled.

      * Holy Shock mana cost has been decreased to 7% of base mana, down from
8%.

      * Illuminated Healing (Mastery) has been adjusted slightly so that if a
paladin refreshes an existing copy of his or her own Illuminated Healing on a
target, the new absorption amount will be added into the old absorption amount
and the duration will be reset. The total absorption created can never exceed
1/3 of the casting paladin's health.

      * Infusion of Light can now lower the cast time of Flash of Light by
0.75/1.5 seconds, in addition to Holy Light and Divine Light. In addition, the
old Denounce spell overlay effect has been transferred to Infusion of Light
since Denounce is no longer a proc.

      * Speed of Light now increases movement speed when Holy Radiance or
Divine Protection are cast. In addition, this talent now reduces the cooldown
of Holy Radiance by 13/26/40 seconds, up from 10/20/30.

      * Walk in the Light now improves Word of Glory healing by 30%, in
addition to its current effects.

    * Protection

      * Ardent Defender has a new spell effect.

      * Guarded By The Light no longer interacts with Holy Shield in any way.

      * Hammer of the Righteous mana cost has been lowered to 10%, down from
12% to match Crusader Strike.

      * Holy Shield has been redesigned. This talent is now an activated
ability off the global cooldown. It grants 20% increased block amount to a
paladin's shield blocks for 10 seconds, with a 30-second cooldown.

      * Judgements of the Wise now procs on attempt rather than on strike,
which means judgements that miss can still grant mana. This is to help ensure
Protection paladins are not starved for mana if they aren't capped on hit
rating.

    * Retribution

      * Inquiry of Faith now increases Inquisition duration by 66/133/200%, up
from 50/100/150%.

      * The Seals of Command talent now makes Seal of Righteousness hit an
unlimited number of melee targets, instead of only 2 additional targets.

      * Selfless Healer can no longer be dispelled and cannot be stolen via
Spellsteal; and, in addition to its current effects, it lowers the cooldown of
Word of Glory by 5/10 seconds.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Seal of Truth expertise bonus now also works when Seal of
Righteousness is active.

**[![][19]][46] [Priests][46]**

  * Devouring Plague damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Mind Blast damage done has been increased by 12%.

  * Shadowfiend uses the new Assist pet stance functionality.

  * Shadow Word: Death damage done has been increased by 12%.

  * Shadow Word: Pain damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Shadow

      * Mind Flay damage done has been increased by 12%.

      * Psychic Horror no longer has a forward facing requirement, making it
consistent with other non-projectile-based crowd control spells.

      * Sin and Punishment's Vampiric Touch backlash fear effect no longer has
diminishing returns.

      * Vampiric Touch damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Priest Bug Fixes

    * Players will no longer prematurely cancel a channeled spell when
clicking on the Lightwell.

**[![][21]][47] [Rogues][47]**

  * Cloak of Shadows cooldown is now 2 minutes, up from 90 seconds. In
addition, Cloak of Shadows is no longer on the global cooldown.

  * Combat Readiness and Cloak of Shadows now share a cooldown.

  * Blind duration against enemy NPCs is now 1 minute, while the duration
against players remains 8 seconds.

  * Stealth now once again begins its cooldown once the rogue leaves Stealth.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Assassination

      * Assassin's Resolve damage bonus has been increased to 20%, up from
15%.

      * Vile Poisons now increases poison damage by 12/24/36%, up from
7/14/20%.

    * Combat

      * Savage Combat now increases attack power by 3/6%, up from 2/4%.

      * Vitality now increases attack power by 30%, up from 25%.

    * Subtlety

      * Elusiveness now reduces the cooldown of Cloak of Shadows by 15/30
seconds, up from 10/20, and now also reduces the cooldown of Combat Readiness
by 15/30 seconds.

      * Hemorrhage base damage has been increased by 40%.

      * Sanguinary Vein damage to bleeding targets has been increased to
8/16%, from 5/10%.

**[![][23]][48] [Shaman][48]**

  * Fire Nova damage has been increased by 15%.

  * Lightning Shield and Water Shield can no longer be dispelled.

  * Unleash Elements is now in the Nature school, and thus can no longer be
used if a shaman's Nature school has been locked out.

  * Unleash Wind now deals 175% weapon damage, up from 125%.

  * Water Shield has had its internal cooldown reduced to 3.5 seconds, once
again matching other shields. The amount of mana restored when Water Shield
procs has been reduced by 50%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Elemental

      * Call of Flame now also causes Fire Nova to add 3/6 seconds to the
duration of Flame Shock auras on targets that Fire Nova damages.

      * Lava Flows now grants a 30/60/90% haste buff when a Flame Shock effect
is dispelled, up from 10/20/30%.

      * Thunderstorm now reduces the movement speed of players it knocks back
by 40% for 5 seconds.

    * Enhancement

      * Stormstrike now deals 225% weapon damage, up from 125%.

    * Restoration

      * Improved Water Shield has been redesigned and renamed Resurgence. When
Water Shield is active, Resurgence causes critical direct heals to restore
mana (Resurgence rank 2 is roughly equal to 150% of the old Improved Water
Shield value when a Healing Wave or Greater Healing Wave critically hits, and
scaled down accordingly for faster or multi-target spells).

      * Mana Tide now grants 200% of the caster's Spirit, down from 400%.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Unleashed Lightning (new Prime glyph) allows Lightning Bolt to
be cast while moving.

  * Set Bonuses

    * The 4-piece Elemental shaman PvP set bonus (Gladiator's Thunderfist set)
has been redesigned. It now causes Lightning Shield to generate an extra
charge, rather than consuming one, when it is triggered by receiving damage,
up to a maximum of 3 (9 with the Rolling Thunder talent).

**[![][25]][49] [Warlocks][49]**

  * Soul Fire is now available at level 20, down from level 54.

  * Soul Harvest has a new spell effect.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Soul Swap now applies a 30-second cooldown to Soul Swap, up
from 15 seconds.

  * Warlock Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible to leave combat while channeling Drain Soul.

**[![][27]][50] [Warriors][50]**

  * Overpower now has a 1.5-second cooldown and global cooldown (Taste for
Blood's Overpower cooldown has not changed).

  * Recklessness and Deadly Calm can no longer be used at the same time. One
cannot be used while the other is active, but using one does not put the other
on its full cooldown.

  * Retaliation, Recklessness and Shield Wall no longer have stance
requirements.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Arms

      * Two-Handed Weapon Specialization weapon damage increase has been
lowered to 12%, down from 20%.

    * Fury

      * Dual Wield Specialization weapon damage increase has been lowered to
5%, down from 10%.

  * Warrior Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible in some encounters to use Charge when closer
than its minimum range.

**Currency**

  * Conquest & Honor Points

    * All existing Conquest Points in the Currency tab have been converted to
Honor Points. Any points above the Honor Point cap must be spent within the
next week before Season 10 starts. Once Season 10 begins, all Honor Points
exceeding the 4,000 point cap will be converted into gold at a rate of 35
silver per point and mailed to characters.

    * The minimum cap on Conquest Points earned per week from Arenas is now
1350 at 1500 or less Arena rating. The maximum cap is now 2700 at 3000 or more
Arena rating. The cap continues to scale non-linearly between those two
points. For comparison, during season 9 the cap ranged between 1343 and 3000.

    * The game now separately tracks different Conquest Point caps for
Battlegrounds and Arenas. Battleground ratings receive a bonus of 22.2% to the
cap they generate, meaning the cap from Battleground rating now ranges between
1650 and 3300. Players may earn a total number of Conquest Points per week
equal to the higher of these two caps, but once players have reached the cap
for either Arenas or Battlegrounds, they can no longer earn Conquest Points
from that source. Conquest Points from Battleground holidays only count toward
the total Conquest Point cap.

      * Example: During the first week of Season 10 everyone starts with a
rating below 1500. Therefore, the cap from Rated Battlegrounds will be 1650
and the cap from Arena rating will be 1350. In the first week, the character
wins enough Arena matches to reach the 1350 point cap. After that point, Arena
wins will no longer grant Conquest points for the week. However, the character
can still earn up to 300 additional points, but can only earn those points
from either Rated Battlegrounds, or from the Conquest Point bonus for holiday
and/or daily random Battlegrounds. The following week the cap will be
recalculated based on the character's ratings, and it is possible Arena rating
could now generate the higher cap. The second week, the character's cap from
Arena rating is 1800, and the cap from Rated Battlegrounds is 1650. The
character has a total cap of 1800 Conquest points for the week. Up to 1650
points can be earned from Rated Battlegrounds, but the last 150 must come from
a different source.

  * Valor & Justice Points

    * All existing Valor Points in the Currency tab have been converted to
Justice Points. Any points above the Justice Point cap will be converted into
gold at a rate of 47 silver per point and mailed to characters.

    * The maximum number of Valor Points which can be earned in a week from
any and all applicable dungeons and raids is now 980, down from 1250.

      * The maximum number of Valor Points awarded for completing Rise of the
Zandalari dungeons remains at 980.

      * The maximum number of Valor Points awarded for completing Heroic
dungeons remains at 490.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing a boss in the Firelands
is 120 in 10-player mode, and 140 in 25-player mode.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing Occu'thar in Baradin
Hold is 120 in 10-player mode, and 140 in 25-player mode.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing a boss on Heroic
difficulty in The Bastion of Twilight, Blackwing Descent, and Throne of the
Four winds is 35 in 10-player mode, and 45 in 25-player mode.

**[Dungeons & Raids][51]**

  * Raid Profiles have been added which allow players to save the raid window
user interface layout based on type of content (i.e. 10-player raids,
25-player raids, Battlegrounds, etc.) for future use.

    * Players can select PvE, PvP, specialization, and group size. Each Raid
Profile type will then automatically setup going forward.

    * This feature is available for 5-player content as well when Use Raid-
Style Party Frames is selected in the Interface options.

    * Raid Profiles can list groups horizontally as well as vertically.

  * A Raid button has been added to the Navigation tray which will bring
players straight to the Raid window in the Social pane.

  * Baradin Hold

    * Occu'thar has broken free from his cage and presents an all-new boss
challenge to players in 10- and 25-player arrangements who control Tol Barad.

  * The Bastion of Twilight

    * The damage modifier on normal difficulty has been reduced for Arion,
Elementium Monstrosity, Feludius, Ignacius, and Terrastra.

    * One of each type of bound elemental in the Ascendant Council chamber has
been removed.

    * Bound Deluge's Frost Whirl ability now deals 50% less damage.

    * Arion

      * Chain Lightning damage and chain distance has been reduced.

    * Cho'gall

      * Health, melee damage, Health of Corrupting Adherent, Depravity damage,
Corrupting Crash damage, Flaming Destruction damage, and Unleashed Shadows
damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Corrupting Crash and Depravity

        * The amount of Corruption they give has been reduced to 5, down from
10.

      * Corrupted Bite effect caused by Blood of the Old God has been reduced.

      * Damage taken from Corruption of the Old God per Corrupted Blood has
been reduced from 3% per stack to 2% per stack.

      * Debilitating Beam damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * The duration of Twisted Devotion has been reduced by 25%.

    * Dragon Siblings

      * Health, melee damage, Twilight Meteorite damage, Devouring Flames,
Blackout damage, Unstable Twilight damage, Twilight Zone damage, Twilight
Blast damage, and Fabulous Flames damage have all been reduced by 20%.

    * Elementium Monstrosity

      * Electrical Instability damage has been reduced.

    * Feludius

      * Damage due to being frozen while Waterlogged has been reduced.

    * Halfus

      * Health, melee damage, Fireball/Fireball Barrage damage, Furious Roar
damage, Scorching Breath damage, and Shadow Nova damage have all been reduced
by 20%.

      * Nether Scion, Slate Dragon, Storm Rider, Time Warden, and Orphaned
Emerald Whelp health has been reduced by 20%.

      * Shadow Nova base cast time has been increased.

    * Ignacious

      * Rising Flames now increases damage by 3% per stack, down from 5%.

    * Terrastra

      * Harden Skin now increases physical damage dealt by 20%, down from
100%.

  * Blackwing Descent

    * Atramedes

      * Health, melee damage, modulation damage, Roaring Flame Breath damage,
and Searing Flame damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Modulation no longer causes Sound in normal difficulty.

      * Sound given by Sonar Pulse has been reduced to 3, down from 5.

    * Chimaeron

      * Health has been reduced by 20% and melee damage has been reduced by
10%.

      * Chimaeron will now only cast two caustic slimes per 30-second cycle.

    * Drakeadon Mongrel

      * Time Lapse no longer stuns.

      * Frost Burn silence is now 3 seconds.

    * Dwarven Kings

      * Whirlwind no longer drops threat.

      * Execution Sentence now deals damage only.

      * Shield of Light absorption has been reduced.

    * Magmaw

      * Damage and hit points have been reduced by 20%.

      * Lava Parasites have been diminished.

      * Lava Spew damage, Magma Spit damage, Massive Crash damage, and
Infectious Vomit damage have all been been reduced.

      * Mangled Lifeless no longer instantly kills, and its damage has been
reduced.

      * Parasitic Infection has been decreased.

    * Maloriak

      * Health, damage, Aberration health/damage, Arcane Storm damage, Prime
Subject damage, Flash Freeze/Shatter damage, and Scorching Blast damage have
all been decreased by 20%.

      * The Aberration stacking damage buff has been decreased.

      * Prime Subjects no longer fixate, and are no longer immune to taunt
effects.

    * Nefarian

      * Health and melee damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Animated Bone Warriors take 33 seconds to fall over, down from 50. In
addition, fewer Animated Bone Warriors spawn.

      * Blast Nova cast time has been increased.

      * Chromatic Prototype health has been reduced by 20%.

      * Electrocute damage has been reduced by 30%.

      * Magma Stacking debuff effect has been reduced by 75%.

      * Nefarian's Shadowblaze cast frequency cannot increase beyond 1 once
every 15 seconds.

      * Onyxia health and melee damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Shadowflame Barrage damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Tail Lash damage has been reduced by 50%.

    * Omnotron Council

      * Health, Melee damage, Electrical Discharge damage, Lightning Conductor
damage, Health of Poison Bomb, Incineration Security Measure damage, and
Arcane Annihilator damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Barrier absorb amount has been increased by 100%.

      * The cooldown on Power Conversion (Converted Power chance) has been
increased.

      * Flamethrower damage has been reduced by 40%.

      * Static Shock caused by Unstable Shield damage and Poison Bomb damage
has been decreased by 50%.

  * Deadmines

    * Vanessa VanCleef (Heroic difficulty) now has a sweet, sweet voice to
accompany her dialog.

  * Throne of the Four Winds

    * Al'Akir

      * Acid Rain now stacks every 20 seconds, up from 15.

      * Electrocute now pulses every 1 second, up from 0.5.

      * Feedback duration has been increased to 30 seconds, up from 20.

      * Health, damage, and Wind Burst damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Lightning and Lightning Rod recast time has been increased.

      * Lightning Strike friendly chain damage has been reduced by 50%.

      * Static Shock will no longer be used on normal difficulty in phase 1 or
phase 2.

    * Conclave of the Four Winds

      * Rohash, Anshal, Nezir melee, Ravenous Creeper health/damage, Ravenous
Creeper toxic spores damage, Hurricane damage, Sleet Storm damage, Permafrost
damage , Slicing Gale, and Wind Blast damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Gathering Strength cast time has been increased.

      * Ice Patch slow effect is now 5% per stack, up to 10 stacks, down from
10% per stack, up to 30 stacks, and damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Wind Chill damage has been decreased by 20% and now increases damage
taken by 5% per stack.

  * Zul'Gurub

    * All cauldron buffs are now usable while mounted.

    * High Priestess Kilnara's death now turns off the flaming tiki mask
gauntlet.

    * High Priest Venoxis's death now removes the poison from the plants at
the start of the dungeon.

  * Dungeon & Raid Bug Fixes

    * Bosses are now immune to the shrinking effect from Gnomish Shrink Ray.

    * The achievement Aberrant Behavior should no longer incorrectly reset its
kill tracking during the Maloriak encounter in Blackwing Descent.

    * Anshal's Soothing Breeze should no longer cause combat pets to behave
erratically in Throne of the Four Winds.

    * Raid Marker icons are now visible in all phases of boss encounters.

**[Guilds][52]**

  * Guild Finder

    * Long comments will now work and not be cut off in the display.

  * The daily guild experience cap has been increased by 25%.

  * The weekly guild reputation cap has been increased by 25%.

  * The guild experience cap is now removed at level 20, down from level 23.

  * The Reins of the Dark Phoenix, purchased from the Guild Vendor, has had
its art improved. It's now less transparent and indisputably more awesome.

**[Items][53]**

  * If a player wins a Need roll under the Need Before Greed system on a Bind
on Equip item, the item will become Soulbound to that player. The item will
remain unbound if won via a Greed roll.

  * Applicable tier 11 items now cost Justice Points.

  * Darkmoon Card: Hurricane damage done when triggered has been increased by
40%, however, it can no longer deal critical strikes and no longer receives
any modifiers to its damage from the equipping player.

  * The Keyring bag slot has been removed to make room in the user interface
for new features.

    * Keys which no longer serve a purpose in the game will be removed from
player inventories. Compensation for the keys will be automatically provided
in the form of each key's vendor sell price in gold.

    * Keys which are obsolete quest items will be removed from player
inventories.

    * Keys which may still be of use to players will be transferred to regular
inventory space. If a player's bags are full, these keys will sit in a
backlogged inventory until sufficient space is made available. Once space is
opened, the keys will appear in regular inventory upon the player logging out
or switching zones.

  * PvP Items & Rewards

    * Applicable Season 9 items now cost Honor Points.

    * Gladiator Weapons

      * Season 10 Conquest Point weapons will only be purchasable once a
required minimum sum of Conquest Points has been reached during the current
season. For example, Ruthless Gladiator's Pike costs 3400 Conquest Points to
purchase. However, players must first earn a total of 11650 Conquest Points
during Season 10 before they are able to purchase it.

      * Season 9 Honor Point weapons will only be purchasable once a required
minimum sum of Honor Points has been reached during the current season. For
example, Vicious Gladiator's Pike costs 3400 Honor Points to purchase.
However, players must first earn a total of 18500 Honor Points during Season
10 before they are able to purchase it.

      * Once the minimum sum of points required to purchase weapons is
reached, all available weapons can be purchased for their listed costs. The
point requirement is not reset once a purchase is made.

      * Weapon tooltips from the vendor will let players know how many more
Conquest or Honor Points must be earned in the current season before the item
can be purchased.

    * Rated Battleground Rewards

      * New PvP ground mounts, the Vicious War Wolf (Horde) and Vicious War
Steed (Alliance), will be awarded to players for completing achievements to
win 75, 150, and 300 Rated Battlegrounds respectively, rather than for being
in the top .5% of the ladder at the end of each season as with Arenas. This
award system is to better compliment the spirit of Battlegrounds. One account-
bound mount will be awarded for each achievement unlocked, allowing players
who obtain 150 and 300 Rated Battleground wins to earn this mount a second and
third time. The additional mounts earned can then be sent to alt characters,
given they're account-bound. These mounts are awarded as soon as an associated
achievement is unlocked and do not correspond with end-of-season rewards.

    * Set Bonuses

      * The 2-piece resilience bonus from Cataclysm PvP sets no longer stacks.
If a player wears 2 pieces each from 2 different Cataclysm sets, the player
will only receive the 400 resilience rating bonus once. This change does not
apply to PvP sets from prior expansions.

**[Professions][54]**

  * Engineering

    * D.E.H.T.A. has recently placed a great number of critters under their
protection, especially rabbits and squirrels. Because of this, Flintlocke's
Woodchucker has been re-fitted to use wild chickens until an "agreement" can
be reached.

  * Skinning

    * Players can no longer skin corpses already being actively skinned or
looted by other players.

**[PvP][55]**

  * Arenas

    * The individual Matchmaking Rating column has been removed from the Arena
scoreboard.

    * The Ring of Valor has been added to the Arena rotation once again.
Players no longer start the match on elevators at the center of the map. They
now begin the match in starting rooms on opposite sides of the Arena.

  * Battlegrounds

    * The individual Matchmaking Rating column has been removed from the Rated
Battleground scoreboard and replaced with a team Matchmaking Rating.

    * Eye of the Storm has been added into the rotation as a 10-man Rated
Battleground. The tug-of-war style capture points have been replaced with
Arathi Basin style capture points to better support 10v10 competition. This
change applies only to Rated Battlegrounds. Eye of the Storm is otherwise
still a 15-player Battleground with tug-of-war style capture points.

    * Warsong Gulch has been added back into the Rated Battleground rotation.

    * War Games

      * Many improvements have been made to the War Games interface. It now
has its own panel for ease of use and raid/group leaders are the only ones who
can challenge another group to War Games.

**[Quests & Creatures][56]**

  * There are no longer oddities in the critical strike and dodge chance of
lower-level creatures.

  * Creatures will now display smooth energy regeneration for players.

**[Races][57]**

  * All character races now have a /roar sound.

**[User Interface][58]**

  * The Interface Options screens have changed size to match the Video and
Audio screens. This allows for a larger Compact Unit Frames Profiles panel.

  * Addons will no longer be able to intelligently swap items by working with
the built-in Equipment Manager.

  * The order in which characters are listed at the Character Selection screen
can now be rearranged and saved.

  * The cast bar can now be moved to display below the Character frame.

  * Character talent specializations can now be viewed on mouseover of the
Battlegrounds Scoreboard.

  * There is now a Dismiss Pet option on unit frames.

  * The durability character display will now show items as yellow when they
are below 20% durability, instead of when items have 5 durability or less.

  * The Macros window and Spellbook can now both be open at the same time to
allow for more intuitive macro creation. In addition, the Macros window has a
Save/Cancel button.

  * Move Pad is a mouse-click interface for movement which is now built into
the base interface.

  * It is now easier to change the language of the game client to any language
available in the region.

  * A target or focus target can be selected within the mini-map tracking
(does not include enemy players).

  * Vendors now display currency types they use.

**[Technical][59]**

  * The Blizzard Launcher now utilizes Universal Plug and Play for port
configuration. If your router supports UPnP it will automatically open the
ports that it requires and your downloads will be unrestricted.

**Patch 4.2.0 für World of Warcraft**

Die Patchnotes für alle "World of Warcraft"-Patches befinden sich [hier][60].

**[Elementare Bande][61]**

Es hätte ein verheißungsvolles Ereignis sein sollen, doch die Zeremonie am
uralten Weltenbaum Nordrassil endete mit einer Tragödie. Dort hatten sich
Mitglieder des Zirkels des Cenarius und des Irdenen Rings, einschließlich des
ehemaligen Kriegshäuptlings Thrall, mit den edlen Drachenaspekten versammelt,
um ihre Mächte zu vereinen und Nordrassil zum Wohle Azeroths
wiederherzustellen. Doch nun geht das Gerücht um, dass ein rätselhafter Agent
des Schattenhammers das Ritual gestört hat und Thrall mit finsterer Magie
niederstrecken konnte... und seinen Geist in die vier Gebiete der
Elementarebene verbannte. Sollten sich diese schrecklichen Neuigkeiten
bewahrheiten, hat der Irdene Ring – und mit ihm ganz Azeroth – einen seiner
größten Champions verloren.

**[Der Geheilte Hyjal und die Geschmolzene Front][62]**

Obwohl es den Nachtelfen und ihren Verbündeten gelungen ist, Ragnaros' erste
Invasion des Hyjal abzuwehren, ist ihre Arbeit auf dem heiligen Berg noch
lange nicht vollendet. Erzdruide Malfurion Sturmgrimm hat seine Mitstreiter am
Heiligtum von Malorne auf dem Geheilten Hyjal versammelt, um Ragnaros' Reich
zu erstürmen: die Feuerlande. Sobald sie die Elementarebene erreichen, hoffen
die Verteidiger des Hyjal, eine permanente Stellung dort einrichten zu können.
Doch diese Pläne stehen nun auf Messers Schneide, da ein ungezügelter Angriff
der Elementare über den Geheilten Hyjal hinwegfegt. Trotz dieses Rückschlags
halten die Verteidiger des Hyjal stand, denn ihnen allen ist klar, dass das
Schicksal des Hyjal im geschmolzenen Herzen der Feuerlande entschieden wird.

**[Die Feuerlande][63]**

Der Moment rückt näher, gegen Ragnaros vorzugehen. Die Schlacht zur
Verteidigung des Hyjal wütet nun in seinem schwelenden Reich weiter. Mit jedem
Stück Boden, das gewonnen wird, und je näher die Verteidiger des Hyjal an die
inneren Heiligtümer der Feuerlande heranrücken, stellt sich ihnen eine
monumentale Aufgabe. Ragnaros' Unterschlupf - die Sulfuronfestung - wird von
seinen loyalsten Dienern verteidigt, zu denen auch die verräterischen Druiden
der Flamme und ihr geheimnisvoller Anführer zählen. Doch die mutigen Helden,
die sich in dieses von Asche erstickte Reich gewagt haben, dürfen vor diesen
Gefahren nicht zurückschrecken. Von dem Ausgang der bevorstehenden Schlachten
hängt das Überleben von ganz Azeroth ab.

**[Drachenzorn, Tarecgosas letzte Ruhe][64]**

Im Reich des blauen Drachenschwarms, dem Nexus, herrscht Unsicherheit während
seine Mitglieder fieberhaft nach einem neuen Anführer suchen. Trotz des tiefen
Zwiespalts zwischen den beiden wahrscheinlichsten Nachfolgern - Kalecgos und
Arygos - versammeln sich die Mitglieder während eines seltenen kosmischen
Ereignisses, der Umarmung, in der Hoffnung, dass endlich ein neuer Aspekt
gewählt werden kann. Doch der bronzene Drache Anachronos hat etwas Finsteres
in der Nähe des Nexus entdeckt, das einen bedrohlichen Schatten auf diese
Zeremonie wirft. Wenn sich kein Held finden lässt, der diesen dunklen Mächten
und ihren Absichten auf den Grund geht, fürchtet Anachronos, dass Azeroth dem
Untergang geweiht ist.

**_Inhalt_**

_Klickt auf einen Link um direkt zum entsprechenden Abschnitt der Patchnotes
zu springen._

  * [Allgemeines][6]

  * [Erfolge][7]

  * [Klassen: Allgemeines][8]

    * [![][65]][10] [Todesritter][10], [![][66]][12] [Druiden][12],
[![][67]][14] [Jäger][14], [![][68]][16] [Magier][16], [![][69]][18]
[Paladine][18],

    * [![][70]][20] [Priester][20], [![][71]][22] [Schurken][22],
[![][72]][24] [Schamanen][24], [![][73]][26] [Hexenmeister][26], [![][74]][28]
[Krieger][28]

  * [Abzeichen][29]

  * [Dungeons & Schlachtzüge][30]

  * [Gilden][31]

  * [Gegenstände][32]

  * [Berufe][33]

  * [PvP][34]

  * [Quests & Kreaturen][35]

  * [Völker][36]

  * [Benutzeroberfläche][37]

  * [Technischer Support][38]

**Allgemeines**

  * Neue tägliche Quests: der Geheilte Hyjal und die Geschmolzene Front

    * Eine breite Palette an brandneuen täglichen Quests steht jetzt auf dem
Hyjal zur Verfügung, wo Spieler den Wächtern des Hyjal dabei helfen können,
die Verbündeten von Ragnaros zurückzudrängen und einen Vorposten in den
Feuerlanden einzurichten. Um an den Quests am Geheilten Hyjal und an der
Geschmolzenen Front teilnehmen zu können, müssen die normalen Quests auf dem
Hyjal mindestens bis zu der Quest "Aessinas Wunder" abgeschlossen worden sein.
Sobald diese Quest abgeschlossen wurde, können Spieler mit Matookla am
Heiligtum von Malorne sprechen, um bei den Bemühungen am Geheilten Hyjal zu
helfen.

  * Neue Questreihe: Elementare Bande

    * Eine neue Questreihe steht jetzt Horde- und Allianzspielern der Stufe 85
zur Verfügung, die Thrall als mutige Abenteurer zur Seite stehen wollen. "Der
Ruf des Weltenschamanen", die Quest, die auf den Gipfel des Hyjal führt, kann
an den Erdschreinen in Sturmwind oder Orgrimmar angenommen werden.

  * Neuer Schlachtzug: Die Feuerlande

    * Der Teil der Elementarebene, der als die Feuerlande bekannt ist, hält
einen brandneuen Schlachtzug mit normalem und heroischem Schwierigkeitsgrad
für 10- und 25-Spieler-Gruppen bereit! Kampferprobte Veteranen der Horde und
der Allianz haben nun Gelegenheit, Ragnaros den Feuerlord und seine loyalen
Diener anzugreifen, indem sie über die Sulfuronspitze auf dem Hyjal in dessen
Reich vordringen.

  * Neuer legendärer Gegenstand: Drachenzorn, Tarecgosas letzte Ruhe

    * Standhafte Schlachtzügler können eine Questreihe abschließen, um einen
brandneuen legendären Stab für Magieklassen zu ergattern. Um den
Konstruktionsprozess des Stabes zu beginnen, müssen Spieler zuerst einen
geschmolzenen Lord in den Feuerlanden töten. Sobald ein geschmolzener Lord
besiegt worden ist, können Spieler die Quest "Eine legendäre Verabredung" von
Ziradormi in der Feste Grommash in Orgrimmar oder Coridormi im Magiersanktum
in Sturmwind annehmen. Die Questreihe für den legendären Gegenstand kann nur
von Druiden, Magiern, Priestern, Schamanen und Hexenmeistern gestartet werden.

  * Neue Benutzeroberflächenfunktion: Das Dungeonkompendium

    * Eine große Menge an Informationen über Dungeons wurde in Form des
brandneuen Dungeonkompendiums in die Benutzeroberfläche eingebaut. Diese
Funktion kann über eine neue Schaltfläche in der Navigationsleiste aufgerufen
werden. Das Dungeonkompendium enthält Hintergrundgeschichten, Details über die
Begegnungen, Fähigkeiten- und Beuteinformationen über alle Bosse, die bisher
in das neue System integriert wurden (dies schließt die Bosse aller Cataclysm-
Dungeons und -Schlachtzüge ein). In zukünftigen Patches ist geplant, weitere
Dungeons aufzunehmen.

**[Erfolge][75]**

  * "Saubääär!" (neuer Erfolg): Rettet in Zul'Aman auf dem heroischen
Schwierigkeitsgrad alle vier Gefangenen, bevor sie geopfert werden.

**[Klassen: Allgemeines][76]**

  * Alle kritischen Effekte von Heilzaubern rufen nun den doppelten Wert eines
nicht-kritischen Heileffekts hervor (+100%) anstatt der vorherigen 1,5-fachen
Erhöhung (+50%).

  * Spielern ist es wieder möglich, während des Kampfes zu tanzen (ohne, dass
dadurch Grafikfehler auftreten). Andere Animationen, wie etwa Angriffe, haben
Vorrang vor Tanzanimationen. Die Tanzanimationen werden solange ausgesetzt,
bis die vorranginge Animation abgeschlossen ist. Spaß wurde wiederhergestellt.

  * Stärkungszauber

    * Sämtliche Klassenfähigkeiten, die befreundete Ziele mit einem
Stärkungszauber belegen, erzeugen keine Bedrohung mehr. Dies betrifft
schlachtgruppenweite Zauber wie 'Mal der Wildnis' und 'Machtwort:
Seelenstärke', Auslöseeffekte wie 'Gesegnete Abhärtung' oder 'Eisige Finger'
und Einzelzielzauber wie 'Finstere Absichten' und 'Unheilige Raserei'. Die
Ausnahme hierzu sind Zauber, die direkt Schaden verursachen oder Heilung
hervorrufen, wie etwa 'Dornen' oder 'Erneuerung'. Diese und ähnliche
Fähigkeiten erzeugen weiterhin normale Bedrohung.

  * Gruppenkontrolle

    * Viele Gruppenkontrolleffekte führen nicht mehr dazu, dass Kreaturen
Spieler angreifen, wenn sie diese Effekte einsetzen. Die betroffene Kreatur
wird den Spieler nicht angreifen, wenn der Effekt ausläuft, und in der Nähe
befindliche Kreaturen werden ebenfalls nicht in den Kampf verwickelt. Wenn
jedoch ein sichtbarer Charakter einer kontrollierten Kreatur zu nahe kommt,
wird sie sich daran erinnern und angreifen, nachdem der Gruppenkontrolleffekt
abgelaufen ist. Dadurch wollen wir es Dungeongruppen erleichtern,
Gruppenkontrollmechaniken zu nutzen und Gruppen feindlicher NSCs kontrolliert
in den Kampf zu verwickeln. Die von dieser Änderung betroffenen Fähigkeiten
sind: 'Winterschlaf', 'Wucherwurzeln', 'Wyverngift' (startet weiterhin den
Kampf, sobald die Fähigkeit anfängt, Schaden zu verursachen), 'Eiskältefalle',
'Verwandlung', 'Buße', 'Untote fesseln', 'Blenden', 'Verhexen', 'Elementar
binden', 'Verbannen', 'Verführung'.

  * Begleiter

    * Die aggressive Grundeinstellung von Begleitern wurde entfernt und mit
der unterstützenden Grundeinstellung ersetzt. Diese Einstellung sorgt dafür,
dass der Begleiter des Spielers das Ziel des Spielers angreift. Der Begleiter
wird sein Ziel nicht ändern, bis der Spieler für einige Sekunden ein neues
Ziel angreift.

    * Die defensive Grundhaltung von Begleitern sorgt dafür, dass der
Begleiter des Spielers Feinde nur dann angreift, wenn sie den Spieler oder den
Begleiter selbst angreifen.

  * Zauberunterbrechungen

    * Wenn ein Zauber einer einzelnen Schadensart wie etwa 'Gedankenschinden'
oder 'Frostblitz' unterbrochen wird, ist der betroffene Spieler nun in der
Lage, weiterhin Zauber zweier Schadensarten wie etwa 'Gedankenstachel' (Frost
und Schatten) oder 'Frostfeuerblitz' (Frost und Feuer) zu wirken. Wenn jedoch
ein Zauber zweier Schadensarten unterbrochen wird, werden wie vorgesehen alle
betroffenen Zauberarten gesperrt.

  * Werte

    * Todesritter, Paladine und Krieger erhalten von ihrem Beweglichkeitswert
keine Ausweichchance mehr. Ihre Grundausweichchance ist nun ein fester Wert
von 5%.

    * Todesritter, Paladine und Krieger erhalten nun 27% ihrer Stärke als
Parierwertung (vorher 25%). Diese Umrechnung gilt weiterhin nur für
Stärkepunkte über ihren Stärkegrundwert hinaus.

  * Allgemeine Klassenfehlerbehebungen

    * Spieler sollten nicht länger fälschlicherweise eine Nachricht erhalten,
dass sie einen Zauber unterbrochen haben, wenn dem nicht so ist.

    * Aktionsleisten werden nicht länger kurz verschwinden, wenn Charaktere
mit einem Haltungsbalken ein Vehikel nutzen.

**[![][65]][77] [Todesritter][77]**

  * Der Grundschaden von 'Auslöschen' wurde auf 150% des Waffenschadens
verringert (vorher 160%).

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Frost

      * 'Zehrende Kälte' hat jetzt eine Zauberzeit von 1,5 Sek.

      * 'Macht der gefrorenen Ödnis' erhöht nun den Zweihandwaffenschaden um
3/7/10% (vorher 4/8/12%).

    * Unheilig

      * 'Unheilige Macht' erhöht nun die Stärke um 20% (vorher 5%).

  * Glyphen

    * Die Glyphe 'Finsterer Beistand' wurde überarbeitet: Zuvor betrug der in
unheiliger oder Frostpräsenz geheilte Wert maximal 15% der Gesamtgesundheit.
Die Glyphe bewirkt nun, dass die nächste Anwendung von 'Todesstoß' nach einem
Sieg, der Erfahrung oder Ehre gewährt, den Todesritter um mindestens 20%
seiner Gesamtgesundheit heilt (setzt noch immer Frost- oder unheilige Präsenz
voraus).

  * Behobene Fehler: Todesritter

    * Das Talent 'Tötungsmaschine' kann nun wie vorgesehen sowohl durch
Angriffe der Schildhand als auch der Waffenhand ausgelöst werden.

**[![][66]][78] [Druiden][78]**

  * Druiden erhalten für jeden Punkt Stärke nun einen statt zwei Punkte
Angriffskraft. Sie erhalten weiterhin zwei Punkte Angriffskraft pro Punkt
Beweglichkeit, während sie sich in Katzen- oder Bärengestalt befinden. Zudem
war die Skalierungsrate der Katzengestalt hinsichtlich
Ausrüstungsverbesserungen im Vergleich mit anderen Klassen geringer, wodurch
Katzen-Druiden auf höheren Ausrüstungsstufen im Schaden zurückfielen. Um der
Stärke-Änderung entgegenzuwirken und die Skalierung zu verbessern, wurden die
folgenden Änderungen vorgenommen. Alle genannten Zahlen gelten für Druiden der
Stufe 85.

    * Der von 'Wilder Biss' verursachte Schaden wurde um 15% erhöht. Außerdem
wurden seine Grundenergiekosten auf 25 herabgesetzt und zusätzlich können bis
zu weitere 25 Energiepunkte verbraucht werden, um eine Schadenserhöhung von
bis zu 100% zu erzielen.

    * Der von 'Zerfleischen' (Katze) verursachte Schaden auf Stufe 80 und
höher wurde auf 540% des Waffenschadens erhöht (vorher 460%) und der
Bonusschaden wurde auf 302 verringert.

    * Der Initialschaden von 'Krallenhieb' ist nun gleichwertig mit dem
Schaden jedes regelmäßigen Ticks (und wird für alle Kampfberechnungen
gleichwertig behandelt). Der regelmäßige Schaden gewinnt durch Angriffskraft
pro Tick nun 14,7% (von 2,6% erhöht) und der Basisschaden pro Tick wurde von
557 auf 56 verringert. Der Fehler, dass der Tooltip diese Änderung noch nicht
widerspiegelt, ist bekannt und wird mit einem zukünftigen Patch behoben
werden.

    * Der von 'Verheeren' verursachte Schaden auf Stufe 80 und höher wurde auf
950% des Waffenschadens erhöht (vorher 850%) und der Bonusschaden wurde auf
532 verringert.

    * Die Fähigkeit 'Wildes Brüllen' erhöht den Schaden automatischer Angriffe
nun um 80% (von 60% erhöht). Die Glyphe 'Wildes Brüllen' behält weiterhin
einen unveränderten Bonus von 5% auf diesen Gesamtwert bei.

    * Der von 'Schreddern' verursachte Schaden auf Stufe 80 und höher wurde
auf 540% des Waffenschadens erhöht (vorher 450%) und der Bonusschaden wurde
auf 302 verringert.

  * 'Wucherwurzeln' sowie der äquivalente Zauber, der durch 'Griff der Natur'
ausgelöst wird, verursachen keinen Schaden mehr.

  * 'Anregen' regeneriert bei einem verbündeten Ziel jetzt über 10 Sek. 5%
seines Maximalmanas, gewährt aber weiterhin 20% des Maximalmanas, wenn der
Druide den Zauber auf sich selbst wirkt.

  * Der von 'Omen der Klarsicht' ausgelöste Freizauberzustand hält jetzt 15
Sek. an (vorher 8 Sek.).

  * Der von 'Sternenfeuer' verursachte Schaden wurde um ungefähr 23% erhöht.

  * Der von 'Prankenhieb (Katze)' verursachte Schaden auf Stufe 80 und höher
wurde auf 600% des Waffenschadens verringert (vorher 670%).

  * Der von 'Zorn' verursachte Schaden wurde um ungefähr 23% erhöht.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Gleichgewicht

      * Die Effektdauer von 'Erde und Mond' wurde auf 15 Sek. erhöht (vorher
12 Sek.).

      * Der visuelle Effekt von 'Pilzbewuchs' wurde überarbeitet, damit er
weniger ins Auge sticht und ansprechender aussieht.

      * 'Mondregen' wurde umgestaltet. Wenn 'Mondfeuer' gewirkt wird, gewinnt
der Druide den Effekt 'Mondregen'. 'Mondregen' erhöht den von 'Mondfeuer'
verursachten Initialschaden um 15/30/45% und verringert die Manakosten des
Zaubers um 10/20/30%. Dieser Effekt ist bis zu 3-mal stapelbar und hält 3 Sek.
lang an. Während 'Mondregen' aktiv ist, erzeugt 'Mondfeuer' 8 Solarenergie und
'Sonnenfeuer' 8 Lunarenergie. Die Menge der erzeugten Lunar- und Solarenergie
hängt nicht von der Anzahl Punkte, die in dieses Talent investiert werden,
oder von 'Mondregen'-Stapeln ab. Druiden, die den Übergang in einen
Finsterniszustand (oder aus einem heraus) verzögern wollen, sollten nun einen
ihrer beiden Grundangriffe wirken, die keinen Einfluss auf den
Finsternisbalken haben ('Sternenfeuer' oder 'Zorn').

      * 'Sonnenstrahl' hat jetzt einen neuen visuellen Effekt.

      * 'Wildpilz: Detonieren' kann jetzt wie 'Sternenfeuer' und 'Zorn' auch
'Erde und Mond' auslösen.

    * Wilder Kampf

      * Die Schadensfähigkeiten von Bären skalierten zu schnell mit
Ausrüstungsgegenständen höherer Gegenstandsstufen, verglichen mit anderen
Tankklassen. Deshalb wurden folgende Balance-Änderungen vorgenommen. Alle
Angaben beziehen sich auf Charaktere der Stufe 85. Auf niedrigeren Stufen sind
diese Werte geringer.

        * Der Grundschaden von 'Feenfeuer (Tiergestalt)' wurde auf 2950 erhöht
(vorher 679). Die Skalierung der Angriffskraft wurde auf 10,8% verringert
(vorher 15%).

        * Der Grundschaden von 'Zermalmen' wurde auf 35 erhöht (vorher 8). Die
Skalierung der Angriffskraft wurde auf 19% verringert (vorher 26,4%).

        * Der Waffenschaden von 'Pulverisieren' wurde auf 60% verringert
(vorher 80%). Der Schaden pro Stapel von 'Aufschlitzen' wurde auf 1623 erhöht
(vorher 361).

        * Der Waffenschaden von 'Zerfleischen (Bärengestalt)' wurde auf 190%
verringert (vorher 260%). Der Bonusschaden wurde auf 3306 erhöht (vorher 754).

        * Der Grundschaden von 'Prankenhieb' wurde auf 929 erhöht (vorher
215). Die Skalierung der Angriffskraft wurde auf 12,3% verringert (vorher
17,1%).

        * Der Grundschaden der direkten Schadenskomponente von 'Hauen' wurde
auf 1042 erhöht (vorher 339). Die Angriffskraftskalierung dieser direkten
Schadenskomponente wurde auf 9,82% verringert (vorher 19,2%). Der Grundschaden
der regelmäßigen Schadenskomponente wurde auf 581 erhöht (vorher 189). Die
Angriffskraftskalierung der regelmäßigen Schadenskomponente wurde auf 2,67%
verringert (vorher 3,26%). Außerdem wurde ein Fehler behoben, bei dem der
Rüstungswert des Ziels den regelmäßigen Schaden dieser Fähigkeit verringerte.

        * Der Grundschaden der direkten Schadenskomponente von 'Aufschlitzen'
wurde auf 3608 erhöht (vorher 2089). Die Angriffskraftskalierung dieser
direkten Schadenskomponente wurde auf 5,52% verringert (vorher 7,66%). Der
Grundschaden der regelmäßigen Schadenskomponente wurde auf 69 erhöht (vorher
16). Die Angriffskraftskalierung der regelmäßigen Schadenskomponente wurde auf
0,369% verringert (vorher 0,512%).

      * Die Schadensverringerung des Talents 'Natürliche Reaktion' wurde auf
9/18% erhöht (vorher 6/12%).

    * Wiederherstellung

      * 'Symbiose' (Meisterschaft) wurde entfernt und durch 'Harmonie'
ersetzt. 'Harmonie' erhöht die direkte Heilung um zusätzliche 10%, außerdem
erhöht das Wirken von direkten Heilzaubern die Effektivität von regelmäßigen
Heilzaubern 10 Sek. lang um 10%. Jeder Punkt Meisterschaft erhöht diesen Bonus
um weitere 1,25%. 'Heilende Berührung', 'Pflege', 'Rasche Heilung' sowie der
anfängliche Heileffekt von 'Nachwachsen' gelten für die Zwecke der
Meisterschaft als direkte Heilzauber. Alle anderen Heilzauber des Druiden
gelten als regelmäßig.

  * Glyphen

    * Die Effektdauererhöhung der Glyphe 'Berserker' beträgt nun 10 Sek.
(vorher 5 Sek.).

    * Die Glyphe 'Wilder Biss' wurde umgestaltet. Sie bewirkt nun, dass
'Wilder Biss' den Druiden pro 10 verbrauchte Energiepunkte um 1% seiner
Maximalgesundheit heilt.

    * Die Glyphe 'Anregen' bewirkt nun, dass der Druide zusätzlich zum
Grundeffekt des Zaubers innerhalb von 10 Sek. 10% seines Maximalmanas erhält,
wenn er 'Anregen' auf ein freundliches Ziel wirkt.

  * Setboni

    * T11-PvE-Setbonus (4 Teile) für 'Gleichgewicht'-Druiden: 'Astrale
Ausrichtung' gewährt nun maximal 15% zusätzliche kritische Trefferwertung mit
drei Aufladungen, die jeweils 5% ausmachen, statt einer kritischen
Trefferchance von 99%, die sich pro Aufladung um 33% verringert. Diese
Änderung wurde vorgenommen, da der Setbonus derart wertvoll war, dass es nicht
möglich war, das Set mit T12-Gegenständen zu ersetzen. Zum Ausgleich wurden
Änderungen an 'Sternenfeuer' und 'Zorn' vorgenommen (die am Anfang der
Druidensektion aufgelistet sind).

    * PvE-Setbonus (2 Teile) für 'Wiederherstellung'-Druiden: Dieser Setbonus
wurde überarbeitet, um mit der neuen Meisterschaft von
'Wiederherstellung'-Druiden zu funktionieren. Druiden, die diesen Setbonus
haben, erhalten die angegebene zusätzliche Willenskraft, während die
Meisterschaft 'Harmonie' regelmäßige Heileffekte verstärkt.

  * Behobene Fehler: Druiden

    * Es ist nicht mehr möglich, in manchen Begegnungen 'Wilde Attacke' zu
verwenden, obwohl man sich zu nah am Ziel befindet.

**[![][67]][79] [Jäger][79]**

  * Der von 'Mehrfachschuss' verursachte Schaden auf Stufe 80 oder höher wurde
verringert. Er verursacht jetzt 120% des Waffenschadens (vorher 137%).

  * Fallen skalieren nun wie vorgesehen mit den Werten des Jägers wie
Trefferwertung, Waffenkunde, Zauberdurchschlagswertung und Angriffskraft.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Treffsicherheit

      * 'Sorgfältiges Zielen' gewährt nun eine zusätzliche kritische
Trefferchance, solange das Ziel mehr als 90% seiner Gesamtgesundheit hat
(vorher 80%).

    * Überleben

      * Der von 'Schwarzer Pfeil' verursachte Schaden wurde um ungefähr 40%
erhöht.

  * Begleiter

    * Zehn neue seltene zähmbare Wildtiere wurden implementiert, deren Zähmung
eine einzigartige Herausforderung darstellt. Seid der erste Jäger, der
Toth'tilac, das seltenste und mächtigste von allen, zähmt. Um Zugang zu allen
neuen zähmbaren Tieren zu erhalten, müssen Spieler die täglichen Questgebiete
am Geheilten Hyjal und der Geschmolzenen Front abschließen.

    * 'Einschreiten' ('Hartnäckigkeit'-Begleiter) wurde umgestaltet. Der
Begleiter stürmt nun auf ein Gruppenmitglied zu und verringert den Schaden,
den das Ziel durch den nächsten Nahkampf- oder Fernkampfangriff erleidet, um
einen Wert, der 50% der Gesamtgesundheit des Begleiters entspricht.

**[![][68]][80] [Magier][80]**

  * Der von 'Arkanschlag' verursachte Schaden wurde um 5% verringert.

  * 'Pyroschlag': Die Version dieses Zaubers, die ohne 'Kampfeshitze' gewirkt
wurde, verursachte etwas weniger Schaden als die Version mit 'Kampfeshitze'.
Ihr Schaden wurde erhöht, damit beide Versionen von 'Pyroschlag' die gleiche
Schadensmenge verursachen.

  * Die Manakosten von 'Zauberraub' wurden um 100% erhöht.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Feuer

      * 'Einschlag': Wenn 'Lebende Bombe' durch dieses Talent auf andere Ziele
übertragen wird, sind nur noch zwei weitere Ziele von diesem Effekt betroffen.
Das Resultat hiervon ist, dass das Ziel nicht mehr den Effekt 'Lebende Bombe'
verliert, sofern es das letzte Ziel von 'Lebende Bombe' und das Ziel von
'Einschlag' ist. Ist 'Lebende Bombe' auf mehreren Zielen aktiv, wenn
'Einschlag' gewirkt wird, wird 'Lebende Bombe' auf dem letzten belegten Ziel
aktiv bleiben und der Effekt auf zwei weitere Ziele übertragen.

    * Frost

      * 'Tieffrieren' und 'Ring des Frosts' teilen jetzt eine gemeinsame
abnehmende Wirkung. Diese Änderung ist zusätzlich zu den Zaubern, mit denen
diese beiden Zauber eine abnehmende Wirkung teilen.

**[![][69]][81] [Paladine][81]**

  * Die Manakosten von 'Göttliches Licht' wurden auf 35% des Grundmanas
angehoben (vorher 30%).

  * Die Manakosten von 'Lichtblitz' wurden auf 31% des Grundmanas angehoben
(vorher 27%).

  * Der Wächter der Uralten Könige verwendet nun die neue unterstützende
Grundhaltung.

  * Die Manakosten von 'Heiliges Licht' wurden auf 12% des Grundmanas
angehoben (vorher 10%).

  * 'Zurechtweisung', 'Gottesschild' und 'Göttlicher Schutz' haben jetzt neue
Symbole.

  * 'Siegel der Rechtschaffenheit' kann nun von jeder Nahkampffähigkeit
ausgelöst werden, nicht nur von Einzelziel-Nahkampffähigkeiten. Dazu zählt
auch der körperliche Bestandteil von 'Hammer der Rechtschaffenen' sowie
'Göttlicher Sturm'. Außerdem kann der Effekt von 'Siegel der
Rechtschaffenheit' nun kritische Treffer erzielen.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Heilig

      * 'Flamme des Glaubens' kann nicht mehr gebannt werden. Zusätzlich
überträgt der Zauber nun 100% der Heilung von 'Heiliges Licht', aber weiterhin
nur 50% der Heilung anderer Zauber.

      * 'Denunzieren' wurde neu entworfen. Das Talent verringert weiterhin die
Manakosten von 'Exorzismus'. Die Chance, dass 'Heiliger Schock' das nächste
Wirken von 'Exorzismus' kostenlos macht, wurde jedoch entfernt. Stattdessen
besteht nun eine Chance von 50/100%, dass das Ziel von 'Exorzismus' 6 Sek.
lang nicht in der Lage ist, kritische Treffer und Effekte zu erzielen. Dieser
Effekt kann gebannt werden.

      * Die Manakosten von 'Heiliger Schock' wurden auf 7% des Grundmanas
verringert (vorher 8%).

      * 'Erleuchtete Heilung' (Meisterschaft) wurde leicht angepasst, sodass
ein Paladin, der seinen bereits bestehenden Effekt 'Erleuchtete Heilung' mit
einem weiteren erneuert, den neuen Absorbtionseffekt dem bereits bestehenden
hinzufügt und dessen Dauer erneuert. Der gesamte so erzeugte Absorbtionseffekt
kann niemals 1/3 der Gesundheit des zaubernden Paladins übersteigen.

      * Zusätzlich zu 'Heiliges Licht' und 'Göttliches Licht' kann
'Lichtenergie' nun auch die Zauberzeit von 'Lichtblitz' um 0,75/1,5 Sek.
verringern. Außerdem wurde die grafische Zauberbenachrichtigung, die
ursprünglich zu 'Denunzieren' gehörte, 'Lichtenergie' zugewiesen, da
'Denunzieren' keinen Zufallseffekt mehr auslöst.

      * 'Geschwindigkeit des Lichts' erhöht nun das Bewegungstempo, wenn
'Heiliges Strahlen' oder 'Göttlicher Schutz' gewirkt werden. Zusätzlich
verringert dieses Talent nun die Abklingzeit von 'Heiliges Strahlen' um
13/26/40 Sekunden (vorher 10/20/30).

      * 'Im Lichte wandeln' erhöht jetzt zusätzlich zu seinen bestehenden
Effekten auch die von 'Wort der Herrlichkeit' hervorgerufene Heilung um 30%.

    * Schutz

      * 'Unermüdlicher Verteidiger' hat jetzt einen neuen visuellen Effekt.

      * Das Talent 'Vom Licht beschützt' hat nun keinerlei Wechselwirkung mehr
mit 'Heiliger Schild'.

      * Die Manakosten von 'Hammer der Rechtschaffenen' wurde auf 10%
verringert (vorher 12%), um konsistent mit den Kosten von 'Kreuzfahrerstoß' zu
sein.

      * Das Talent 'Heiliger Schild' wurde überarbeitet. Es ist nun eine
aktivierbare Fähigkeit, die keine globale Abklingzeit auslöst. Sie erhöht die
Blockmenge aller vom Paladin geblockter Attacken 10 Sek. lang um 20% und hat
eine Abklingzeit von 30 Sek.

      * Der Effekt von 'Richturteil des Weisen' wird jetzt beim Wirken
ausgelöst, statt wenn das Richturteil trifft, damit verfehlende Richturteile
trotzdem Mana gewähren. Dadurch sollten Schutz-Paladine weniger Manaprobleme
haben, wenn ihre Trefferkundewertung unter dem Maximalwert liegt.

    * Vergeltung

      * 'Glaubensprüfung' erhöht nun die Dauer von 'Inquisition' um
66/133/200% (vorher 50/100/150%).

      * 'Siegel des Befehls': Dieses Talent bewirkt nun, dass 'Siegel der
Rechtschaffenheit' eine unbegrenzte Anzahl an Zielen treffen kann, anstatt nur
zwei zusätzliche Ziele.

      * 'Selbstloser Heiler' kann nicht mehr gebannt oder durch 'Zauberraub'
gestohlen werden. Außerdem verringert das Talent zusätzlich zu seinen
bestehenden Effekten die Abklingzeit von 'Wort der Herrlichkeit' um 5/10 Sek.

  * Glyphen

    * Glyphe 'Siegel der Wahrheit': Der von dieser Glyphe gewährte
Waffenkundebonus wirkt nun auch, wenn 'Siegel der Rechtschaffenheit' aktiv
ist.

**[![][70]][82] [Priester][82]**

  * Der von 'Verschlingende Seuche' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12%
verringert.

  * Der von 'Gedankenschlag' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12% erhöht.

  * Der Schattengeist verwendet nun die neue unterstützende Grundhaltung.

  * Der von 'Schattenwort: Tod' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12% erhöht.

  * Der von 'Schattenwort: Schmerz' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12%
verringert.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Schatten

      * Der von 'Gedankenschinden' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12% erhöht.

      * 'Psychisches Entsetzen' setzt keine bestimmte Blickrichtung des
Charakters mehr voraus, wodurch es sich ähnlich wie andere nicht-ballistische
Gruppenkontrollfähigkeiten verhält.

      * Der von 'Sünde und Strafe' ausgelöste reaktive Furchteffekt, wenn
'Vampirberührung' gebannt wird, ist nicht mehr von abnehmender Wirkung
betroffen.

      * Der von 'Vampirberührung' verursachte Schaden wurde um 12% verringert.

  * Behobene Fehler: Priester

    * Das Kanalisieren von Zaubern wird nicht mehr vorzeitig abgebrochen, wenn
ein Spieler auf den Lichtbrunnen klickt.

**[![][71]][83] [Schurken][83]**

  * Die Abklingzeit von 'Mantel der Schatten' beträgt nun 2 Minuten (vorher 90
Sek.). Außerdem löst 'Mantel der Schatten' jetzt keine globale Abklingzeit
mehr aus.

  * 'Kampfbereitschaft' und 'Mantel der Schatten' lösen nun dieselbe
Abklingzeit aus.

  * Die Wirkungsdauer von 'Blenden' beträgt jetzt 1 Minute bei gegnerischen
NSCs, bleibt aber bei 8 Sek. bei gegnerischen Spielern.

  * Die Abklingzeit von 'Verstohlenheit' beginnt jetzt wieder, wenn der
Schurke 'Verstohlenheit' verlässt.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Meucheln

      * Der Schadensbonus von 'Entschlossenheit des Assassinen' wurde auf 20%
erhöht (vorher 15%).

      * Das Talent 'Üble Gifte' erhöht nun den von Giften verursachten Schaden
um 12/24/36% (vorher 7/14/20%).

    * Kampf

      * Das Talent 'Grausamer Kampf' erhöht nun die Angriffskraft um 3/6%
(vorher 2/4%).

      * Das Talent 'Vitalität' erhöht nun die Angriffskraft um 30% (vorher
25%).

    * Täuschung

      * Das Talent 'Flüchtigkeit' verringert jetzt die Abklingzeit von 'Mantel
der Schatten' um 15/30 Sek. (vorher 10/20 Sek.) und verringert nun außerdem
die Abklingzeit von 'Kampfbereitschaft' um 15/30 Sek.

      * Der von 'Blutsturz' verursachte Grundschaden wurde um 40% erhöht.

      * Der Schadensbonus von 'Venenschnitt' gegen blutende Ziele wurde auf
8/16% erhöht (vorher 5/10%).

**[![][72]][84] [Schamanen][84]**

  * Der von 'Feuernova' verursachte Schaden wurde um 15% erhöht.

  * 'Blitzschlagschild' und 'Wasserschild' können nicht mehr gebannt werden.

  * 'Elemente entfesseln' ist jetzt ein Naturzauber und kann somit nicht mehr
benutzt werden, wenn alle Naturzauber des Schamanen gesperrt wurden.

  * 'Wind entfesseln' verursacht nun 175% Waffenschaden (vorher 125%).

  * Die interne Abklingzeit von 'Wasserschild' wurde auf 3,5 Sek. verringert
und verhält sich somit wieder wie andere Schilde. Die Menge des erstatteten
Manas, wenn 'Wasserschild' ausgelöst wird, wurde um 50% verringert.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Elementarkampf

      * 'Ruf der Flamme' bewirkt nun zusätzlich, dass 'Feuernova' die Dauer
von 'Flammenschock' auf Zielen im Einflussbereich dieses Zaubers um 3/6 Sek.
verlängert.

      * 'Lavastrom' gewährt jetzt einen Tempobonus von 30/60/90%, wenn
'Flammenschock' gebannt wird (vorher 10/20/30%).

      * 'Gewitter' verringert jetzt das Bewegungstempo von Spielern, die es
zurückstößt, 5 Sek. lang um 40%.

    * Verstärkung

      * 'Sturmschlag' verursacht nun 225% Waffenschaden (vorher 125%).

    * Wiederherstellung

      * 'Verbesserter Wasserschild' wurde umgestaltet und heißt jetzt
'Rückströmung'. Wenn 'Wasserschild' aktiv ist, erstatten die kritischen
Effekte direkter Heilzauber Mana (Rang 2 von 'Rückströmung' entspricht
ungefähr 150% des alten Wertes von 'Verbesserter Wasserschild', wenn 'Welle
der Heilung' oder 'Große Welle der Heilung' kritische Effekte erzielen. Bei
schnelleren Heilzaubern, oder Heilzaubern mit mehreren Zielen skaliert der
Effekt entsprechend abwärts).

      * 'Manaflut' gewährt nun 200% des Willenskraftwertes des Zaubernden
(vorher 400%).

  * Glyphen

    * Die Glyphe 'Entfesselter Blitz' (neue Primärglyphe) gestattet es nun,
'Blitzschlag' aus der Bewegung heraus zu wirken.

  * Setboni

    * Der PvP-Setbonus (4 Teile) für 'Elementar'-Schamanen (Donnerfaust des
Gladiators) wurde umgestaltet. Er sorgt nun dafür, dass 'Blitzschlagschild'
eine zusätzliche Aufladung erhält, statt sie aufzubrauchen, wenn es von
erlittenem Schaden ausgelöst wird. Hierdurch können maximal 3 weitere
Aufladungen erzeugt werden (9 mit dem Talent 'Rollender Donner').

**[![][73]][85] [Hexenmeister][85]**

  * 'Seelenfeuer' ist jetzt ab Stufe 20 erlernbar (vorher Stufe 54).

  * 'Seelenernte' hat jetzt einen neuen visuellen Effekt.

  * Glyphen

    * Die Glyphe 'Seelentausch' belegt 'Seelentausch' nun mit einer
Abklingzeit von 30 Sek. (vorher 15 Sek.).

  * Behobene Fehler: Hexenmeister

    * Es ist nicht mehr möglich, den Kampf zu verlassen, während 'Seelendieb'
kanalisiert wird.

**[![][74]][86] [Krieger][86]**

  * 'Überwältigen' hat jetzt eine Abklingzeit und eine globale Abklingzeit von
1,5 Sek. (die Abklingzeit von 'Verlangen nach Blut' hat sich nicht geändert).

  * 'Tollkühnheit' und 'Tödliche Stille' können nicht mehr gleichzeitig
verwendet werden. Die eine Fähigkeit kann nicht aktiviert werden, wenn die
andere aktiv ist, allerdings setzt die Verwendung einer dieser Fähigkeiten die
jeweils andere Fähigkeit nur auf einen Bruchteil ihrer vollen Abklingzeit.

  * 'Gegenschlag', 'Tollkühnheit' und 'Schildwall' setzen keine bestimmte
Haltung mehr voraus.

  * Talentspezialisierungen

    * Waffen

      * Der von 'Zweihandwaffen-Spezialisierung' gewährte Bonuswaffenschaden
wurde auf 12% verringert (vorher 20%).

    * Furor

      * Der von 'Beidhändigkeits-Spezialisierung' gewährte Bonuswaffenschaden
wurde auf 5% verringert (vorher 10%)

  * Behobene Fehler: Krieger

    * Es ist nicht mehr möglich, in manchen Begegnungen 'Sturmangriff' zu
verwenden, obwohl man sich zu nah am Ziel befindet.

**Abzeichen**

  * Eroberungs- & Ehrenpunkte

    * Alle existierenden Eroberungspunkte im Abzeichenreiter wurden nun in
Ehrenpunkte umgewandelt. Alle Punkte oberhalb der Ehrenpunktebegrenzung müssen
in der nächsten Woche ausgegeben werden, bevor Saison 10 startet. Sobald
Saison 10 beginnt, werden alle Ehrenpunkte über der 4.000-Punkte-Begrenzung in
Gold umgewandelt, zu einer Rate von 35 Silber pro Punkt. Das Gold wird den
Spielern per Post zugeschickt.

    * Die minimale Menge an Eroberungspunkten, die man pro Woche erhält,
beträgt bei einer Arenawertung von 1500 oder niedriger nun 1350 Punkte. Die
Maximalmenge beträgt nun bei einer Arenawertung von 3000 oder höher weiterhin
2700 Punkte. Der Wert skaliert weiterhin nicht-linear zwischen diesen beiden
Punkten. Zum Vergleich, die Maximal- und Minimalwerte während Saison 9
betrugen 3000 und 1343.

    * Das Spiel zeichnet jetzt die Maximalwerte für Eroberungspunkte von
Schlachtfeldern und Arenen separat auf. Schlachtfeldwertungen erhalten einen
Bonus von 22,2% für den Maximalwert, den sie generieren, sodass der
Maximalwert durch Schlachtfeldwertung nun zwischen 1650 und 3300 liegt. Pro
Woche können Spieler entsprechend dem höheren dieser Maximalwerte eine
Gesamtmenge an Eroberungspunkten verdienen, aber sobald ein Spieler den
Maximalwert für Arenen oder Schlachtfelder erreicht hat, können aus der
entsprechenden Quelle keine weiteren Eroberungspunkte gewonnen werden.
Eroberungspunkte, die durch die Wochenendschlachtfelder gewonnen werden,
zählen nur für den globalen Maximalwert der Eroberungspunkte.

      * Beispiel: Zu Beginn der ersten Woche von Saison 10 starten alle
Teilnehmer mit einer Wertung von unter 1500 Punkten. Deshalb wird der
Maximalwert für gewertete Schlachtfelder 1650 und der Arenamaximalwert 1350
betragen. Nun gewinnt unser Beispielcharakter genügend Arenaspiele in der
ersten Woche, um die vollen 1350 Punkte zu erreichen. Darüber hinaus gewähren
weitere Arenasiege für den Rest der Woche keine Eroberungspunkte mehr. Der
Charakter kann aber noch weitere 300 Punkte erhalten, indem er gewertete
Schlachtfelder gewinnt oder Gebrauch von dem Bonus auf Eroberungspunkte der
Wochenendschlachtfelder oder den zufälligen/täglichen Schlachtfeldern macht.
In der darauffolgenden Woche wird der Maximalwert auf der Grundlage der
persönlichen Wertungen des Charakters neu berechnet und es ist möglich, dass
die Arenawertung nun den höheren Maximalwert ermöglicht. In der zweiten Woche
beträgt der Maximalwert für die Arenawertung 1800 und der Maximalwert für
gewertete Schlachtfelder 1650. Damit hat der Charakter einen Gesamtmaximalwert
von 1800 Eroberungspunkten in dieser Woche. Bis zu 1650 Punkte davon können
durch Siege auf gewerteten Schlachtfeldern erreicht werden, aber die letzten
150 Punkte müssen aus anderen Quellen kommen.

  * Tapferkeits- & Gerechtigkeitspunkte

    * Alle existierenden Tapferkeitspunkte im Abzeichenreiter wurden nun in
Gerechtigkeitspunkte umgewandelt. Alle Punkte oberhalb der
Gerechtigkeitspunktebegrenzung werden zu einer Rate von 47 Silber pro Punkt
umgewandelt. Das Gold wird den Spielern per Post zugeschickt.

    * Die Maximalmenge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die pro Woche aus sämtlichen
Instanzen und Schlachtzügen gewonnen werden kann, beträgt nun 980 (vorher
1250).

      * Die Maximalmenge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die für das Abschließen der
"Aufstieg der Zandalari"-Instanzen gewonnen werden kann, beträgt weiterhin
980.

      * Die Maximalmenge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die für das Abschließen von
heroischen Instanzen gewonnen werden kann, beträgt weiterhin 490.

      * Die Menge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die man beim Sieg über einen Boss in
den Feuerlanden erhält, beträgt 120 im 10-Spieler-Modus und 140 im 25-Spieler-
Modus.

      * Die Menge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die man beim Sieg über Occu'thar in
der Baradinfestung erhält, beträgt 120 im 10-Spieler-Modus und 140 im 25
-Spieler-Modus.

      * Die Menge an Tapferkeitspunkten, die man beim Sieg über einen
heroischen Boss in der Bastion des Zwielichts, dem Pechschwingenabstieg und
dem Thron der Vier Winde erhält, beträgt 35 im 10-Spieler-Modus und 45 im 25
-Spieler-Modus.

**[Dungeons & Schlachtzüge][87]**

  * Es wurden Schlachtzugsprofile hinzugefügt, die es Spielern gestatten, das
Layout ihrer Schlachtzugsfenster basierend auf einem Inhaltstyp zu speichern
(z. B. Schlachtzug für 10 Spieler, Schlachtzug für 25 Spieler, Schlachtfelder,
usw.).

    * Spieler können zwischen den Varianten PvE, PvP, Spezialisierung und
Gruppengröße wählen. Diese Einstellungen jedes Schlachtzugsprofiltyps werden
dann automatisch übernommen.

    * Diese Funktion wird für 5-Spieler-Inhalte verfügbar sein, sowie wenn
'Gruppe wie Schlachtzüge anz.' in den Benutzeroberflächenoptionen ausgewählt
ist.

    * Die Schlachtzugsprofile können Gruppen sowohl horizontal als auch
vertikal arrangieren.

  * Eine Schlachtzugsschaltfläche wurde im Navigationsfenster hinzugefügt, die
Spieler direkt zum Schlachtzugsfenster im Geselligkeitsfenster bringt.

  * Baradinfestung

    * Occu'thar ist aus seinem Käfig ausgebrochen und stellt eine brandneue
Herausforderung für 10- und 25-Spieler-Gruppen dar, wenn sie Tol Barad
kontrollieren.

  * Die Bastion des Zwielichts

    * Occu'thar ist aus seinem Käfig ausgebrochen und stellt eine brandneue
Herausforderung für 10- und 25-Spieler-Gruppen dar, wenn sie Tol Barad
kontrollieren.

  * Die Bastion des Zwielichts

    * Cho'gall

      * Gesundheit, Nahkampfschaden, die Gesundheit der verderbenden Kultisten
sowie der Schaden von 'Verderbtheit', 'Verderbendes Schmettern', 'Flammende
Zerstörung' und 'Entfesselte Schatten' wurden um 20% verringert.

      * 'Verderbendes Schmettern' und 'Verderbtheit'

        * Die von diesen Effekten verursachte Verderbnis wurde von 10 auf 5
Punkte halbiert.

      * Der von den Bluten des Alten Gottes verursachte Effekt 'Verderbter
Biss' wurde abgeschwächt.

      * Der pro Punkt 'Verderbtes Blut' verursachte Schaden durch 'Verderbnis
des Alten Gottes' wurde von 3% pro Stapel auf 2% pro Stapel verringert.

      * Der von 'Entkräftender Strahl' verursachte Schaden wurde um 20% auf
6.400 Gesundheit verringert.

      * Die Dauer von 'Finstere Gebete' wurde um 25% verringert.

    * Drachengeschwister

      * Gesundheit und Nahkampfschaden sowie der Schaden von
'Zwielichtmeteorit', 'Verschlingende Flammen', 'Blackout', 'Instabiles
Zwielicht', 'Zwielichtzone', 'Zwielichtdruckwelle' und 'Wunderbare Flammen'
wurden um 20% verringert.

    * Der Schadensmodifikator von Arion, dem Elementiumungeheuer, Feludius,
Ignazius und Terrastra wurde auf dem normalen Schwierigkeitsgrad verringert.

    * Aus der Kammer der Aszendenten wurde jeweils einer von jeder Art
gebundener Elementare entfernt.

    * Die Fähigkeit 'Frostwirbel' der gebundenen Fluten verursachen nun 50%
weniger Schaden.

    * Ignazius

      * Der Zauber 'Aufsteigende Flammen' erhöht pro Stapel den Schaden nun um
3% (vorher 5%).

    * Feludius

      * Der von dem Effekt 'Gefroren' verursachte Schaden, während ein
Charakter vom Effekt 'Wasserdurchtränkt' betroffen ist, wurde verringert.

    * Arion

      * Der Schaden von 'Kettenblitzschlag' und die Kettenreichweite wurde
verringert.

    * Terrastra

      * Durch 'Haut festigen' wird der verursachte körperliche Schaden nun um
20% erhöht (vorher 100%).

    * Elementiumungeheuer

      * Der Schaden von 'Elektrische Instabilität' wurde verringert.

    * Halfus

      * Gesundheit und Nahkampfschaden sowie der Schaden von 'Feuerball',
'Feuerballbeschuss', 'Wütendes Brüllen', 'Versengender Odem' und
'Schattennova' wurden um 20% verringert.

      * Die Gesundheit der Ausgeburt des Nethers, des Schieferdrachen, des
Sturmreiters, des Zeitwächters und den verwaisten Smaragdwelpen wurde um 20%
verringert.

      * Die Zauberzeit von 'Schattennova' wurde erhöht.

  * Pechschwingenabstieg

    * Atramedes

      * Gesundheit und Nahkampfschaden sowie der Schaden von 'Modulation',
'Prasselnder Flammenatem' und 'Sengende Flammen' wurden um 20% verringert.

      * Auf dem normalen Schwierigkeitsgrad erhöht 'Modulation' nicht mehr den
Geräuschpegel.

      * Die von 'Sonarpuls' verursache Erhöhung des Geräuschpegels wurde von 5
auf 3 verringert.

    * Schimaeron

      * Gesundheit um 20% und Nahkampfschaden um 10% verringert.

      * Schimaeron wird nun in jedem 30-Sekunden-Zyklus nur noch zweimal
'Ätzender Schleim' verwenden, das erste Mal bei 17 und das zweite Mal bei 23
Sekunden.

    * Bastard von Drakeadon

      * Die Fähigkeit 'Zeitraffer' löst keine eine Betäubung mehr aus.

      * Der von 'Frostbeulen' verursachte Stilleeffekt hält nun nur noch 3
Sek. an.

    * Zwergenkönige

      * Durch 'Wirbelwind' wird die Bedrohung nicht mehr zurückgesetzt.

      * Die Fähigkeit 'Todesurteil' verursacht nun lediglich Schaden.

      * Die Absorption von 'Lichtschild' wurde verringert.

    * Magmaul

      * Schaden und Trefferpunkte um 20% verringert.

      * Es gibt nun weniger Lavaparasiten.

      * Der von 'Lavafontäne', 'Magmaspucke', 'Massives Schmettern' und
'Infektiöses Erbrochenes' verursachte Schaden wurde verringert.

      * 'Zu Tode zerfleischt' ist nicht mehr sofort tödlich. Außerdem wurde
der von dieser Fähigkeit verursachte Schaden verringert.

      * Der von 'Parasitäre Infektion' verursachte Schaden wurde verringert.

    * Maloriak

      * Gesundheit und Schaden des Bosses, Gesundheit und Schaden der
Entartungen sowie der Schaden von 'Arkaner Sturm', 'Primäres Versuchsobjekt',
'Blitzeis', 'Zertrümmern' und 'Sengende Explosion' wurden um 20% verringert.

      * Der stapelbare, schadenserhöhende Effekt der Entartungen wurde
verringert.

      * Primäre Versuchsobjekte fixieren sich nicht mehr und sind nicht mehr
spottimmun.

    * Nefarian

      * Nefarians Gesundheit und sein Nahkampfschaden wurden um 20%
verringert.

      * Die belebten Knochenkrieger fallen nun nach 33 Sek. um (vorher 50
Sek.). Außerdem werden nun weniger belebte Knochenkrieger erschaffen.

      * Die Zauberzeit von 'Drucknova' wurde erhöht.

      * Die Gesundheit der chromatischen Prototypen wurde um 20% verringert.

      * Der Schaden von 'Stromschlag' wurde um 30% verringert.

      * Der stapelbare regelmäßige Schadenseffekt von 'Magma' wurde um 75%
abgeschwächt.

      * Nefarian kann 'Schattensengen' nun nur noch höchstens einmal alle 15
Sek. wirken.

      * Onyxias Gesundheit und ihr Nahkampfschaden wurden um 20% verringert.

      * Der Schaden von 'Schattenflammenbeschuss' wurde um 20% verringert.

      * Der Schaden von 'Schwanzpeitscher' wurde um 50% verringert.

    * Omnotron-Verteidigungssystem

      * Gesundheit und Nahkampfschaden, die Gesundheit der Giftbomben sowie
der Schaden von 'Elektrische Entladung', 'Blitzableiter',
'Sicherheitsvorkehrung: Einäscherung' und 'Arkaner Annihilator' wurden um 20%
verringert.

      * Der Absorptionswert 'Barriere' wurde auf 100% erhöht.

      * Die Abklingzeit von 'Energieumwandlung' wurde erhöht (Chance auf
'Konvertierte Energie').

      * Der Schaden von 'Flammenwerfer' wurde um 40% verringert.

      * Der durch Beschädigung von 'Instabiler Schild' ausgelöste Effekt
'Statischer Schock' sowie der Schaden der Giftbomben wurde um 50% verringert.

  * Todesminen

      * Vanessa van Cleef (heroisch) hat jetzt eine liebliche Stimme zur
Untermalung ihres Dialoges.

  * Thron der Vier Winde

    * Al'Akir

      * Der Schaden von 'Säureregen' erhöht sich nun alle 20 Sek., von 15 Sek.
erhöht.

      * 'Stromschlag' pulsiert nun einmal pro Sekunde, (vorher 0,5 Sek.).

      * Die Dauer von 'Rückkopplung' wurde von 20 Sek. auf 30 Sek. erhöht.

      * Gesundheit, Schaden und der Schaden von 'Windstoß' wurden um 20%
verringert.

      * Die Abklingzeit von 'Blitzschlag' und 'Blitzableiter' wurde erhöht.

      * Der durch 'Blitzeinschlag' ausgelöste Schaden auf befreundete
Einheiten wurde um 50% verringert.

      * Auf dem normalen Schwierigkeitsgrad wird 'Statischer Schock' in Phase
1 und 2 nicht länger gewirkt.

    * Konklave der Vier Winde

      * Der Nahkampfschaden von Rohash, Anshal und Nezir, die Gesundheit und
der Schaden der gefräßigen Ranken, der Schaden ihrer Fähigkeit 'Toxische
Sporen' sowie der Schaden von 'Hurrikan', 'Graupelsturm', 'Permafrost',
'Schneidender Orkan' und 'Windschlag' wurden um 20% verringert.

      * Die Zauberzeit von 'Stärke sammeln' wurde erhöht.

      * Der Verlangsamungseffekt der Eisfelder liegt pro Stapel nun bei 5% und
ist bis zu 10-mal stapelbar (von 10% pro Stapel und bis zu 30-mal stapelbar
verringert), der Schaden wurde um 20% verringert.

      * Der Schaden von 'Windkühle' wurde um 20% verringert und erhöht nun den
erlittenen Schaden pro Stapel um 5%.

  * Zul'Gurub

    * Alle Kesselstärkungszauber können nun im Reiten erlangt werden.

    * Der Tod von Hohepriesterin Kilnara beendet den Spießrutenlauf der
feuerspeienden Tikimasken.

    * Der Tod von Hohepriester Venoxis entfernt nun das Gift der Pflanzen am
Anfang des Dungeons.

  * Behobene Fehler: Dungeons & Schlachtzüge

    * Bosse sind jetzt gegen den Verkleinerungseffekt des
Gnomenschrumpfstrahls immun.

    * Der Erfolg "Monströses Verhalten" wird nicht länger während des Kampfes
mit Maloriak im Pechschwingenabstieg auf inkorrekte Art und Weise den
"Kill-Zähler" zurücksetzen.

    * Anshals 'Beruhigende Brise' sollte nicht länger dazu führen, dass sich
im Kampf befindliche Begleiter im Thron der Vier Winde unberechenbar
verhalten.

    * Die Schlachtzugsmarkierungssymbole werden nun in allen Phasen der
Bosskämpfe sichtbar sein.

**[Gilden][88]**

  * Gildenbrowser

    * Lange Kommentare werden nun korrekt angezeigt und nicht mehr
abgeschnitten.

  * Der Maximalwert der täglich erreichbaren Gildenerfahrung wurde um 25%
angehoben.

  * Der Maximalwert des wöchentlichen Gildenrufs wurde um 25% angehoben.

  * Der Maximalwert der Gildenerfahrung wird jetzt ab Stufe 20 aufgehoben,
statt ab Stufe 23.

  * Die grafische Darstellung des dunklen Phönix, dessen Zügel vom
Gildenhändler erworben werden können, wurde überarbeitet. Er ist nun weniger
transparent und unbestreitbar viel großartiger.

**[Gegenstände][89]**

  * Wenn ein Spieler einen beim Anlegen gebundenen Gegenstand im Rahmen des
"Bedarf vor Gier"-Systems mit einem "Bedarf"-Wurf gewinnt, wird dieser
Gegenstand sofort seelengebunden. Der Gegenstand wird weiterhin ungebunden
sein, wenn er durch einen "Gier"-Wurf erwürfelt wird.

  * Anwendbare T-11-Gegenstände kosten ab sofort Gerechtigkeitspunkte.

  * Der von der Dunkelmondkarte: Hurrikan ausgelöste Schaden wurde um 40%
erhöht, allerdings kann dieser Schaden keinen kritischen Effekt mehr erzielen
und erhält keine Schadensmodifikatoren des Spielercharakters mehr, der die
Karte anlegt.

  * Der Schlüsselring wurde entfernt, damit an seiner Stelle in der
Benutzeroberfläche Platz für neue Funktionen wird.

    * Schlüssel, die keinem Zweck mehr im Spiel dienen, werden aus dem
Spielerinventar verschwinden. Der Verkaufswert dieser Schlüssel wird
automatisch in Form von Gold erstattet.

    * Schlüssel, die überflüssige Questgegenstände sind, werden aus dem
Spielerinventar verschwinden.

    * Schlüssel, die der Spieler noch brauchen kann, werden in das normale
Inventar verschoben. Wenn die Taschen eines Spielers voll sind, werden diese
Schlüssel in einer Warteschlange verwahrt, bis genügend Taschenplatz zur
Verfügung steht. Sobald Platz frei wird, werden die Schlüssel in den normalen
Taschen auftauchen, wenn der Spieler das Spiel verlässt, oder eine andere Zone
betritt.

  * PvP-Gegenstände & -Belohnungen

    * Entsprechende Saison-9-Gegenstände kosten jetzt Ehrenpunkte.

    * Gladiatorenwaffen

      * Die Waffen der Saison 10, die Eroberungspunkte kosten, werden erst
dann erhältlich sein, wenn man während der aktuellen Saison eine Mindestmenge
an Eroberungspunkten gesammelt hat. Zum Beispiel kostet die Pike des ruchlosen
Gladiators 3400 Eroberungspunkte. Allerdings müssen Spieler erst 11650
Eroberungspunkte während Saison 10 erhalten, bis sie sie kaufen können.

      * Die Waffen der Saison 9, die Ehrenpunkte kosten, werden erst dann
erhältlich sein, wenn man während der aktuellen Saison eine Mindestmenge an
Ehrenpunkten gesammelt hat. Zum Beispiel kostet die Pike des boshaften
Gladiators 3400 Ehrenpunkte. Allerdings müssen Spieler erst 18500 Ehrenpunkte
während Saison 10 erhalten, bis sie sie kaufen können.

      * Sobald die Minimalmenge an Punkten, die für den Kauf einer Waffe
erreicht wurde, können alle verfügbaren Waffen zu ihren angegebenen Preisen
gekauft werden. Die Punktevoraussetzung wird nicht zurückgesetzt, wenn eine
Waffe gekauft wird.

      * Die Tooltips der Waffen im Händlerfenster werden den Spielern
anzeigen, wie viele Eroberungs- oder Ehrenpunkte noch während der laufenden
Saison erhalten werden müssen, um einen Gegenstand zu kaufen.

    * Belohnungen für gewertete Schlachtfelder

      * Spieler, welche die Schlachtfeld-Erfolge für jeweils 75, 150 und 300
gewonnene Spiele errungen haben, werden nun mit einem von zwei neuen
Bodenreittieren belohnt, dem boshaften Kriegswolf (Horde) oder dem boshaften
Schlachtross (Allianz). Die Entscheidung, diese Belohnung auf Basis gewonnener
Spiele zu gewähren, statt nur für Charaktere in den obersten 0,5% der
Rangliste (wie in der Arena), wurde getroffen, um den Wettbewerbsgeist der
Schlachtfelder widerzuspiegeln. Jeder freigeschaltete Erfolg wird mit einem
accountgebundenen Reittier entlohnt, sodass Spieler, die 150 und 300 gewertete
Schlachtfelder gewinnen, dieses Reittier ein zweites und drittes Mal erhalten.
Die zusätzlichen Reittiere können, da sie accountgebunden sind,
Zweitcharakteren zugeschickt werden. Die Reittiere werden vergeben, sobald die
Kriterien des zugehörigen Erfolgs erfüllt wurden, sie sind also nicht mit den
Belohnungen zu Saisonende vergleichbar.

    * Setboni

      * Der Abhärtungsbonus für Cataclysm-Sets (2 Teile) ist nicht mehr
stapelbar. Wenn ein Charakter zwei Teile von zwei verschiedenen Cataclysm-Sets
trägt, erhält er lediglich die 400 Punkte Abhärtungswertung eines der Sets.
Diese Änderung wirkt sich nicht auf die PvP-Sets vorangegangener Erweiterungen
aus.

**[Berufe][90]**

  * Ingenieurskunst

    * Die D.E.H.T.A. hat kürzlich eine Vielzahl von Tieren unter Schutz
gestellt, besonders Hasen und Eichhörnchen. Deswegen wurde Flintlockes
Holzhacker umgebaut, sodass er nun Hühnchen verwendet, bis eine "Einigung"
getroffen werden kann.

  * Kürschnerei

    * Es ist Spielern nicht mehr möglich, Kadaver zu häuten, die bereits von
einem anderen Spieler gehäutet oder geplündert werden.

**[PvP][91]**

  * Arenen

    * Die Spalte für die individuelle Gegnerzuweisungswertung wurde aus der
Arenapunkteübersicht entfernt.

    * Der Ring der Ehre wurde wieder in die Rotation der Arenen aufgenommen.
Die Teilnehmer beginnen das Match nicht mehr auf Aufzügen in der Mitte der
Karte. Stattdessen beginnen sie in Vorbereitungsräumen an entgegengesetzten
Seiten der Arena.

  * Schlachtfelder

    * Spieler, welche die Schlachtfeld-Erfolge für jeweils 75, 150 und 300
gewonnene Spiele errungen haben, werden nun mit einem von zwei neuen
Bodenreittieren belohnt, dem boshaften Kriegswolf (Horde) oder dem boshaften
Schlachtross (Allianz). Die Entscheidung, diese Belohnung auf Basis gewonnener
Spiele zu gewähren, statt nur für Charaktere in den obersten 0,5% der
Rangliste (wie in der Arena), wurde getroffen, um den Wettbewerbsgeist der
Schlachtfelder widerzuspiegeln. Jeder freigeschaltete Erfolg wird mit einem
accountgebundenen Reittier entlohnt, sodass Spieler, die 150 und 300 gewertete
Schlachtfelder gewinnen, dieses Reittier ein zweites und drittes Mal erhalten.
Die zusätzlichen Reittiere können, da sie accountgebunden sind,
Zweitcharakteren zugeschickt werden. Die Reittiere werden vergeben, sobald die
Kriterien des zugehörigen Erfolgs erfüllt wurden, sie sind also nicht mit den
Belohnungen zu Saisonende vergleichbar.

    * Die persönliche Gegnerzuweisungswertung wurde von der Punkteanzeige der
gewerteten Schlachtfelder entfernt und durch die Team-Gegnerzuweisungswertung
ersetzt.

    * Das Auge des Sturms wurde der Rotation für 10-Spieler-Schlachtfelder
hinzugefügt. Die nach dem Tauziehen-Prinzip zu erobernden Stellungen wurden an
das Eroberungsprinzip des Arathibeckens angepasst, damit der Größe der Gruppen
besser entsprochen wird. Diese Änderung betrifft ausschließlich gewertete
Schlachtfelder. Das herkömmliche Auge des Sturms ist weiterhin ein 15-Spieler-
Schlachtfeld mit strategischen Stellungen, die nach dem Tauziehen-Prinzip
erobert werden müssen.

    * Die Kriegshymnenschlucht wurde der Rotation für gewertete Schlachtfelder
wieder hinzugefügt.

    * Kräftemessen

      * Es wurden viele Verbesserungen an der Benutzeroberfläche für das
Kräftemessen vorgenommen. Für einfacheren Zugriff auf dieses System, hat es
nun sein eigenes Fenster erhalten, das von Gruppen- und Schlachtzugsleitern
bedient werden kann. Nur sie können andere Gruppen zum Kräftemessen
herausfordern.

**[Quests & Kreaturen][92]**

  * Es gibt keine Abweichungen mehr bei der kritischen Trefferchance und
Ausweichchance niedrigstufiger Kreaturen.

  * Kreaturen bieten Spielern nun reibungslose Energieregeneration.

**[Völker][93]**

  * Alle Charaktere verfügen nun über einen /brüllen-Sound.

**[Benutzeroberfläche][94]**

  * Die Größe des Interface-Optionsfenster wurde verändert, um den Fenstern
für Video- und Audiooptionen zu entsprechen. Dies erlaubt ein größeres und
kompakteres Einheitenprofilfenster.

  * Es ist Add-ons nicht länger möglich, unter Nutzung des integrierten
Ausrüstungsmanagers auf intelligente Art Gegenstände zu wechseln.

  * Die Reihenfolge der Charaktere im Charakterauswahlbildschirm kann nun
verändert und gespeichert werden.

  * Der Zauberbalken lässt sich nun bewegen, sodass er unter der
Charakteranzeige platziert werden kann.

  * Im Schlachtfeld-Punktestandsfenster können die Spezialisierungen einzelner
Charaktere nun durch darüberfahren mit der Maus angezeigt werden.

  * Die Einheitenfenster von Begleitern haben nun die Option 'Freigeben'.

  * Die Haltbarkeitsanzeige wird Gegenstände nun als gelb anzeigen, wenn sie
eine Haltbarkeit von unter 20% haben, statt wie zuvor unter 5%.

  * Das Makrofenster und das Zauberbuch können nun gleichzeitig geöffnet sein,
um intuitiveres Schreiben von Makros zu ermöglichen. Zusätzlich hat das
Makrofenster nun zwei Schaltflächen zum Speichern und Abbrechen.

  * Die Bewegungssteuerung ist eine anklickbare Oberfläche für Bewegungen, die
jetzt Bestandteil der Grundbenutzeroberfläche ist.

  * Es ist nun leichter, die Sprache des Spiel-Clients zu jeder anderen
Sprache umzustellen, die für die jeweilige Region verfügbar ist.

  * Die Anzeige von Zielen und Fokuszielen kann nun über die Minikarte
ausgewählt werden (feindliche Spielercharaktere nicht eingeschlossen).

  * Händler zeigen nun an, welche Währungstypen sie nutzen.

**[Technischer Support][95]**

  * Der Blizzard-Launcher nutzt nun "Universal Plug and Play" für die
Portkonfiguration. Wenn der Router UPnP unterstützt, werden automatisch die
Ports geöffnet, die es benötigt und der Download wird uneingeschränkt
stattfinden.

**World of Warcraft Patch 4.2**

Notes for all World of Warcraft patches can be found [here][96].

**[Elemental Bonds][97]**

What was to be an auspicious event at the ancient World Tree Nordrassil has
ended in tragedy. There, members of the Cenarion Circle and Earthen Ring,
including former warchief Thrall, had gathered with the noble Dragon Aspects
to unite their powers and restore Nordrassil for the good of Azeroth. Yet word
has now spread that a shadowy Twilight's Hammer agent interrupted the ceremony
and struck down Thrall with dark magics... casting his spirit into the four
domains of the Elemental Plane. If these terrible rumors hold true, the
Earthen Ring--indeed, all of Azeroth--has lost one of its greatest champions.

**[The Regrowth and Molten Front][98]**

Although the night elves and their allies repelled Ragnaros's initial invasion
of Hyjal, their work on the sacred mount is far from over. Archdruid Malfurion
Stormrage has gathered his comrades at the Sanctuary of Malorne within the
newly healed Regrowth to invade Ragnaros's domain: the Firelands. Once inside
the Elemental Plane, Hyjal's defenders hope to establish a permanent
stronghold. Yet these plans have come under threat by a ferocious new
elemental assault that has swept through the Regrowth. Despite this setback,
Hyjal's protectors remain steadfast in their mission, for they know that it is
in the molten heart of the Firelands that the fate of Mount Hyjal will be
decided.

**[The Firelands][99]**

The time to strike at Ragnaros draws near. The battle to protect Mount Hyjal
now rages in the depths of Ragnaros's smoldering realm. As territory is gained
by Azeroth's defenders and they draw closer to the inner sanctums of the
Firelands, a monumental task awaits. Ragnaros's lair--Sulfuron Keep--is
closely guarded by his most loyal servants, including the traitorous Druids of
the Flame and their mysterious leader. Yet the brave heroes who have ventured
into this ash-choked domain cannot afford to shy away from any danger. The
outcome of the battles that lie ahead will determine the very survival of
Azeroth.

**[Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest][5]**

Uncertainty looms over the blue dragonflight's domain, the Nexus, as its
members struggle to appoint a new leader. Split between the two likeliest
successors--Kalecgos and Arygos--the flight has agreed to meet during a rare
celestial event known as the Embrace in the hopes that a new Aspect will
finally be chosen. The bronze dragon Anachronos, however, has detected
something sinister at work around the Nexus, threatening to compromise the
ceremony. If a hero does not rise to investigate these dark forces and uncover
their intentions, Anachronos believes that Azeroth's doom is imminent.

**_Table of Contents_**

_Click a link to be taken directly to the corresponding section of the patch
notes._

  * [General][6]

  * [Achievements][7]

  * [Classes: General][8]

    * [![][9]][10] [Death Knights][10], [![][11]][12] [Druids][12],
[![][13]][14] [Hunters][14], [![][15]][16] [Mages][16], [![][17]][18]
[Paladins][18],

    * [![][19]][20] [Priests][20], [![][21]][22] [Rogues][22], [![][23]][24]
[Shaman][24], [![][25]][26] [Warlocks][26], [![][27]][28] [Warriors][28]

  * [Currency][29]

  * [Dungeons & Raids][30]

  * [Guilds][31]

  * [Items][32]

  * [Professions][33]

  * [PvP][34]

  * [Quests & Creatures][35]

  * [Races][36]

  * [User Interface][37]

  * [Technical][38]

**General**

  * New Daily Quests: The Regrowth and Molten Front

    * A large assortment of all-new daily quests and rewards are now available
in Hyjal, where players can help the Guardians of Hyjal push back the allies
of Ragnaros and establish a forward operating base in the Firelands! In order
to partake in the Regrowth and Molten Front daily quests, players must have at
least completed Mount Hyjal up to and including the quest Aessina's Miracle.
Once this quest has been completed, players should speak with Matoclaw in the
Sanctuary of Malorne to take part in the Regrowth efforts.

  * New Quest Chain: Elemental Bonds

    * A New quest line is now available to level-85 Horde and Alliance
characters, bringing brave adventurers to Thrall's aid. The Call of the World-
Shaman, the quest which will point players toward Thrall and The Nordrassil
Summit, can be obtained at the Earthshrines in Stormwind or Orgrimmar.

  * New Raid: The Firelands

    * Located within the Elemental Plane, the Firelands is an all-new 10- and
25-player raid featuring normal and Heroic difficulties! Battle-hardened
veterans of the Horde and Alliance now have an opportunity to strike at
Ragnaros the Firelord and his loyal servants by venturing into their domain
via Sulfuron Spire in Mount Hyjal.

  * New Legendary Item: Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest

    * Steadfast raiders have an opportunity to embark on a series of quests to
create an all-new legendary caster staff. In order to begin the process of
assembling the staff, players must first kill a Molten Lord in the Firelands.
Once a Molten Lord is killed, players can accept the quest A Legendary
Engagement from Ziradormi in Grommash Hold in Orgrimmar, or Coridormi atop the
Wizard's Sanctum in Stormwind. The legendary item questline is only available
to druids, mages, priests, shaman, and warlocks.

  * New User Interface Feature: Dungeon Journal

    * A host of dungeon information is now built into the user interface via
the all-new Dungeon Journal. This feature can be accessed via a new button in
the Navigation tray from anywhere in the world. Boss background story,
encounter details, abilities, and loot can be viewed with the Dungeon Journal
for all bosses which have been integrated into the new system (this includes
bosses for all Cataclysm dungeons and raids). Additional dungeons are planned
to be incorporated in future updates.

**[Achievements][100]**

  * Bear-ly Made It (new achievement): Save all four prisoners before they are
sacrificed in Zul'Aman on Heroic difficulty.

**[Classes: General][101]**

  * All healing critical strikes now heal for 2 times a normal heal (+100%),
up from 1.5 times a normal heal (+50%).

  * Players are once again free to dance in combat (without causing graphic
errors). Other animations, such as attacks, will take precedence over dancing.
The dance animation will be suppressed until the higher priority animation is
complete. Fun has been unnerfed.

  * Buffs

    * All class abilities which place a buff on friendly targets no longer
generate any threat. This goes for raid-wide buffs like Mark of the Wild and
Power Word: Fortitude, as well as triggered effects such as Blessed Resilience
or Fingers of Frost, and single-target buffs like Dark Intent and Hysteria.
The exception is buffs which directly cause healing or damage, such as Thorns
or Renew. Abilities such as these still generate normal threat.

  * Crowd Control

    * Many crowd control abilities no longer cause creatures to attack players
when they are cast. The creature will not attack the player when the crowd
control wears off, and nearby creatures will not become hostile to the player
either. However, if a visible player gets too close to the target creature,
the creature will remember and attack the player when the crowd control effect
wears off. The intent is to make it easier for dungeon groups to manage crowd
control assignments and pulling packs of hostile NPCs. The abilities affected
by this change are: Hibernate, Entangling Roots, Wyvern Sting (will still
cause hostility when it begins to deal damage), Freezing Trap, Polymorph,
Repentance, Shackle Undead, Blind, Hex, Bind Elemental, Banish, Seduction.

  * Pets

    * The Aggressive pet stance has been removed and replaced with the Assist
stance. This stance will cause the player's pet to attack the player's target.
The pet will not change targets unless the master attacks a new target for a
few seconds.

    * The Defensive pet stance will now only cause the player's pet to attack
enemies which attack the pet or the master.

  * Spell Interrupts

    * When interrupted while casting a single-school spell such as Mind Flay
or Frostbolt, players will now be able to cast dual-school spells such as Mind
Spike (Frost and Shadow schools) or Frostfire Bolt (Frost and Fire schools).
However, being interrupted while casting a dual-school spell will still
interrupt all respective schools as intended.

  * Stats

    * Death knights, paladins, and warriors no longer receive any bonus to
their chance to dodge from Agility. Their base chance to dodge is now a fixed
5%.

    * Death knights, paladins, and warriors now receive 27% of their Strength
bonuses as parry rating, up from 25%. This conversion still only applies to
Strength above and beyond their base Strength.

  * General Class Bug Fixes

    * Players should no longer incorrectly receive a message stating they
interrupted a spell cast when they did not.

    * Actions bars will no longer briefly disappear when characters that have
a stance bar enter a vehicle.

**[![][9]][102] [Death Knights][102]**

  * Obliterate base damage has been reduced to 150% weapon damage, down from
160%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Frost

      * Hungering Cold now has a 1.5-second cast time.

      * Might of the Frozen Wastes now increases two-handed weapon damage by
3/7/10%, down from 4/8/12%.

    * Unholy

      * Unholy Might now increases Strength by 20%, up from 5%.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Dark Succor has been redesigned. Rather than placing a 15%
maximum health floor on Death Strike healing while in Frost or Unholy
Presence, it causes the next Death Strike within 15 seconds after killing a
foe that yields experience or Honor Points to heal for at least 20% of the
death knight's maximum health (still requires Frost or Unholy Presence).

  * Death Knight Bug Fixes

    * The talent Killing Machine can now properly be triggered from off-hand
attacks as well as main-hand attacks.

**[![][11]][103] [Druids][103]**

  * Druids now gain 1 attack power per point of Strength, down from 2. They
continue to gain 2 attack power per point of Agility while in Cat Form or Bear
Form. In addition, Cat Form's scaling rate from gear upgrades was slower than
other classes, which was causing them to fall behind in damage with higher
item levels. To counter the Strength change and improve scaling, the following
changes have been made. All numbers cited are for level-85 druids.

    * Ferocious Bite damage has been increased by 15%. In addition, its base
cost has been reduced to 25 energy and it can use up to 25 energy, for up to a
100% damage increase.

    * Mangle (Cat) damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 540%
weapon damage, up from 460%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 302.

    * Rake initial damage on hit now deals the same damage as each periodic
tick (and is treated the same for all combat calculations). Periodic damage
now gains 14.7% of attack power per tick, up from 12.6%, and base damage per
tick has been lowered from 557 to 56. There is a known issue with Rake's
tooltip being incorrect from this change will be corrected in a future patch.

    * Ravage damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 950% weapon
damage, up from 850%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 532.

    * Savage Roar now grants 80% increased damage to melee auto attacks, up
from 50%. The Glyph of Savage Roar remains an unchanged bonus of 5% to that
total.

    * Shred damage at level 80 and above has been increased to 540% weapon
damage, up from 450%, and bonus damage has been lowered to 302.

  * Entangling Roots and the equivalent spell triggered by Nature's Grasp no
longer deal damage.

  * Innervate now grants an ally target 5% of his or her maximum mana over 10
seconds, but still grants 20% of the druid's maximum mana over 10 seconds when
self-cast.

  * Omen of Clarity clearcasting buff from now lasts 15 seconds, up from 8
seconds.

  * Starfire damage has been increased by approximately 23%.

  * Swipe (Cat) now deals 600% weapon damage at level 80 or higher, down from
670%.

  * Wrath damage has been increased by approximately 23%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Balance

      * Earth and Moon's duration has been increased to 15 seconds, up from
12.

      * Fungal Growth spell visual effect has been updated to be less visually
intrusive and more aesthetic.

      * Lunar Shower has been redesigned. When casting Moonfire, the druid
gains Lunar Shower. Lunar Shower increases the direct damage done by Moonfire
by 15/30/45%, and reduces the mana cost by 10/20/30%. This effect stacks up to
3 times and lasts 3 seconds. While under the effects of Lunar Shower, Moonfire
generates 8 Solar Energy, and Sunfire generates 8 Lunar Energy. The amount of
Lunar/Solar Energy gained does not change based on the number of points spent
in the talent, or stacks of Lunar Shower. Those druids who wish to delay
transition in or out of an Eclipse state should now cast the one of their two
basic attacks which will not move the Eclipse bar (either Starfire or Wrath).

      * Solar Beam has a new spell effect.

      * Wild Mushroom: Detonate can now also trigger Earth and Moon, in
addition to Starfire and Wrath.

    * Feral

      * Bear damage abilities were scaling too fast with higher gear levels
compared to other tanks, so the following balance changes have been made. All
the numbers cited are for level 85 characters; numbers will be lower for
lower-level characters.

        * Faerie Fire (Feral) base damage has been raised to 2950, up from
679. Attack power scaling has been decreased to 10.8%, down from 15%.

        * Maul base damage has been raised to 35, up from 8. Attack power
scaling has been decreased to 19%, down from 26.4%.

        * Pulverize weapon damage percent has been decreased to 60%, down from
80%. Damage per Lacerate application has been increased to 1623, up from 361.

        * Mangle (Bear) weapon damage percent has been decreased to 190%, down
from 260%. Bonus damage has been increased to 3306, down from 754.

        * Swipe base damage has been increased to 929, up from 215. Attack
power scaling has been decreased to 12.3%, down from 17.1%.

        * Thrash initial base damage has been increased to 1042, up from 339.
Initial damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 9.82%, down from
19.2%. Periodic base damage has been increased to 581, up from 189. Periodic
damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 1.67%, down from 3.26%. In
addition, a bug was corrected where armor decreased the periodic damage done
by this ability.

        * Lacerate initial base damage has been increased to 3608, up from
2089. Initial damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 5.52%, down
from 7.66%. Periodic base damage has been increased to 69, up from 16.
Periodic damage attack power scaling has been decreased to 0.369%, down from
0.512%.

      * Natural Reaction damage reduction has been increased to 9/18%, up from
6/12%.

    * Restoration

      * Symbiosis (Mastery) has been removed and replaced with Harmony.
Harmony increases direct healing by an additional 10%, and casting direct
healing spells grants an additional 10% bonus to periodic healing for 10
seconds. Each point of mastery increases each bonus by an additional 1.25%.
Healing Touch, Nourish, Swiftmend, and the initial heal from Regrowth are
considered direct healing spells for the purposes of this Mastery. All other
healing from druid spells is considered periodic.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Berserk duration increase is now 10 seconds, up from 5.

    * Glyph of Ferocious Bite has been redesigned. It now causes Ferocious
Bite to heal the caster for 1% of maximum health for each 10 energy used.

    * Glyph of Innervate now causes the druid to gain 10% of his or her
maximum mana over 10 seconds when Innervate is used on a friendly target, in
addition to Innervate's base effect.

  * Set Bonuses

    * The 4-piece Balance druid tier 11 PvE set bonus, Astral Alignment, now
provides a total of 15% critical strike chance with 3 charges, decreasing by
5% per charge, instead of 99% decreasing by 33% per charge. This change was
made because the set bonus proved so valuable it was not possible to upgrade
out of the set into tier 12. To compensate, changes have been made to Starfire
and Wrath (listed at the top of the druid class section).

    * The 2-piece Restoration druid tier 11 PvE set bonus has been redesigned
to work with the new Restoration druid mastery. Druids with this bonus now
receive the bonus to Spirit while the Harmony mastery bonus to periodic
healing is active.

  * Druid Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible in some encounters to use Feral Charge when
closer than its minimum range.

**[![][13]][104] [Hunters][104]**

  * Multi-shot damage has been reduced. It now deals 120% weapon damage at
level 80 or higher, down from 137%.

  * Traps now scale with hunter stats such as hit, expertise, spell
penetration and attack power as intended.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Marksmanship

      * Careful Aim now grants additional critical strike chance against
targets over 90% health, up from 80% health.

    * Survival

      * Black Arrow damage done has been increased by roughly 40%.

  * Pets

    * 10 new rare tamable beasts have been added, each of which provides a
unique taming challenge. Will you be the first hunter to tame Deth'tilac, the
rarest and most powerful of them all? Players will need to progress through
the Hyjal Regrowth and Molten Front daily questing areas in order to unlock
access to the full gamut of taming challenges.

    * Intervene (Pet Tenacity) has been redesigned. The pet runs at high speed
toward a group member, reducing the damage done by the next melee or ranged
attack made against them equal to 50% of the pet's total health.

**[![][15]][105] [Mages][105]**

  * Arcane Blast damage done has been reduced by 5%.

  * Pyroblast cast when Hot Streak is not active was doing slightly less
damage than the Hot Streak version. Its damage has been increased so that both
versions of Pyroblast now do the same amount of damage.

  * Spellsteal mana cost has been increased by 100%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Fire

      * When Impact spreads Living Bomb, it will only be spread to two
additional targets. The net effect is that if the mage's most recent Living
Bomb target is the same as their Impact target, that target will no longer
lose the Living Bomb effect. If Living Bomb is active on multiple targets when
the Impact effect is cast, Living Bomb will remain active on the most recent
Living Bomb target, and will be added to two other nearby targets.

    * Frost

      * Deep Freeze and Ring of Frost will cause diminishing returns on each
other, in addition to the spells they normally share diminishing returns with.

**[![][17]][106] [Paladins][106]**

  * Divine Light mana cost has been increased to 35% of base mana, up from
30%.

  * Flash of Light mana cost has been increased to 31% of base mana, up from
27%.

  * Guardian of Ancient Kings uses the new Assist pet stance functionality.

  * Holy Light mana cost has been increased to 12% of base mana, up from 10%.

  * Rebuke, Divine Shield and Divine Protection have new icons.

  * Seal of Righteousness now can be activated by any melee ability, not just
single target melee abilities. This adds Hammer of the Righteous (the physical
component) and Divine Storm to the list of abilities that can activate this
seal. In addition, Seal of Righteousness procs can now be critical effects.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Holy

      * Beacon of Light can no longer be dispelled. In addition, it now
transfers 100% of the heal from Holy Light, but still 50% of the heal from
other spells.

      * Denounce has been redesigned. It still reduces the mana cost of
Exorcism. However, it no longer has a chance on Holy Shock of making Exorcism
free and instant. Instead, it has a 50/100% chance to prevent the Exorcism
target from causing critical effects for the next 6 seconds. This effect can
be dispelled.

      * Holy Shock mana cost has been decreased to 7% of base mana, down from
8%.

      * Illuminated Healing (Mastery) has been adjusted slightly so that if a
paladin refreshes an existing copy of his or her own Illuminated Healing on a
target, the new absorption amount will be added into the old absorption amount
and the duration will be reset. The total absorption created can never exceed
1/3 of the casting paladin's health.

      * Infusion of Light can now lower the cast time of Flash of Light by
0.75/1.5 seconds, in addition to Holy Light and Divine Light. In addition, the
old Denounce spell overlay effect has been transferred to Infusion of Light
since Denounce is no longer a proc.

      * Speed of Light now increases movement speed when Holy Radiance or
Divine Protection are cast. In addition, this talent now reduces the cooldown
of Holy Radiance by 13/26/40 seconds, up from 10/20/30.

      * Walk in the Light now improves Word of Glory healing by 30%, in
addition to its current effects.

    * Protection

      * Ardent Defender has a new spell effect.

      * Guarded By The Light no longer interacts with Holy Shield in any way.

      * Hammer of the Righteous mana cost has been lowered to 10%, down from
12% to match Crusader Strike.

      * Holy Shield has been redesigned. This talent is now an activated
ability off the global cooldown. It grants 20% increased block amount to a
paladin's shield blocks for 10 seconds, with a 30-second cooldown.

      * Judgements of the Wise now procs on attempt rather than on strike,
which means judgements that miss can still grant mana. This is to help ensure
Protection paladins are not starved for mana if they aren't capped on hit
rating.

    * Retribution

      * Inquiry of Faith now increases Inquisition duration by 66/133/200%, up
from 50/100/150%.

      * The Seals of Command talent now makes Seal of Righteousness hit an
unlimited number of melee targets, instead of only 2 additional targets.

      * Selfless Healer can no longer be dispelled and cannot be stolen via
Spellsteal; and, in addition to its current effects, it lowers the cooldown of
Word of Glory by 5/10 seconds.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Seal of Truth expertise bonus now also works when Seal of
Righteousness is active.

**[![][19]][107] [Priests][107]**

  * Devouring Plague damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Mind Blast damage done has been increased by 12%.

  * Shadowfiend uses the new Assist pet stance functionality.

  * Shadow Word: Death damage done has been increased by 12%.

  * Shadow Word: Pain damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Shadow

      * Mind Flay damage done has been increased by 12%.

      * Psychic Horror no longer has a forward facing requirement, making it
consistent with other non-projectile-based crowd control spells.

      * Sin and Punishment's Vampiric Touch backlash fear effect no longer has
diminishing returns.

      * Vampiric Touch damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * Priest Bug Fixes

    * Players will no longer prematurely cancel a channeled spell when
clicking on the Lightwell.

**[![][21]][108] [Rogues][108]**

  * Cloak of Shadows cooldown is now 2 minutes, up from 90 seconds. In
addition, Cloak of Shadows is no longer on the global cooldown.

  * Combat Readiness and Cloak of Shadows now share a cooldown.

  * Blind duration against enemy NPCs is now 1 minute, while the duration
against players remains 8 seconds.

  * Stealth now once again begins its cooldown once the rogue leaves Stealth.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Assassination

      * Assassin's Resolve damage bonus has been increased to 20%, up from
15%.

      * Vile Poisons now increases poison damage by 12/24/36%, up from
7/14/20%.

    * Combat

      * Savage Combat now increases attack power by 3/6%, up from 2/4%.

      * Vitality now increases attack power by 30%, up from 25%.

    * Subtlety

      * Elusiveness now reduces the cooldown of Cloak of Shadows by 15/30
seconds, up from 10/20, and now also reduces the cooldown of Combat Readiness
by 15/30 seconds.

      * Hemorrhage base damage has been increased by 40%.

      * Sanguinary Vein damage to bleeding targets has been increased to
8/16%, from 5/10%.

**[![][23]][109] [Shaman][109]**

  * Fire Nova damage has been increased by 15%.

  * Lightning Shield and Water Shield can no longer be dispelled.

  * Unleash Elements is now in the Nature school, and thus can no longer be
used if a shaman's Nature school has been locked out.

  * Unleash Wind now deals 175% weapon damage, up from 125%.

  * Water Shield has had its internal cooldown reduced to 3.5 seconds, once
again matching other shields. The amount of mana restored when Water Shield
procs has been reduced by 50%.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Elemental

      * Call of Flame now also causes Fire Nova to add 3/6 seconds to the
duration of Flame Shock auras on targets that Fire Nova damages.

      * Lava Flows now grants a 30/60/90% haste buff when a Flame Shock effect
is dispelled, up from 10/20/30%.

      * Thunderstorm now reduces the movement speed of players it knocks back
by 40% for 5 seconds.

    * Enhancement

      * Stormstrike now deals 225% weapon damage, up from 125%.

    * Restoration

      * Improved Water Shield has been redesigned and renamed Resurgence. When
Water Shield is active, Resurgence causes critical direct heals to restore
mana (Resurgence rank 2 is roughly equal to 150% of the old Improved Water
Shield value when a Healing Wave or Greater Healing Wave critically hits, and
scaled down accordingly for faster or multi-target spells).

      * Mana Tide now grants 200% of the caster's Spirit, down from 400%.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Unleashed Lightning (new Prime glyph) allows Lightning Bolt to
be cast while moving.

  * Set Bonuses

    * The 4-piece Elemental shaman PvP set bonus (Gladiator's Thunderfist set)
has been redesigned. It now causes Lightning Shield to generate an extra
charge, rather than consuming one, when it is triggered by receiving damage,
up to a maximum of 3 (9 with the Rolling Thunder talent).

**[![][25]][110] [Warlocks][110]**

  * Soul Fire is now available at level 20, down from level 54.

  * Soul Harvest has a new spell effect.

  * Glyphs

    * Glyph of Soul Swap now applies a 30-second cooldown to Soul Swap, up
from 15 seconds.

  * Warlock Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible to leave combat while channeling Drain Soul.

**[![][27]][111] [Warriors][111]**

  * Overpower now has a 1.5-second cooldown and global cooldown (Taste for
Blood's Overpower cooldown has not changed).

  * Recklessness and Deadly Calm can no longer be used at the same time. One
cannot be used while the other is active, but using one does not put the other
on its full cooldown.

  * Retaliation, Recklessness and Shield Wall no longer have stance
requirements.

  * Talent Specializations

    * Arms

      * Two-Handed Weapon Specialization weapon damage increase has been
lowered to 12%, down from 20%.

    * Fury

      * Dual Wield Specialization weapon damage increase has been lowered to
5%, down from 10%.

  * Warrior Bug Fixes

    * It is no longer possible in some encounters to use Charge when closer
than its minimum range.

**Currency**

  * Conquest & Honor Points

    * All existing Conquest Points in the Currency tab have been converted to
Honor Points. Any points above the Honor Point cap must be spent within the
next week before Season 10 starts. Once Season 10 begins, all Honor Points
exceeding the 4,000 point cap will be converted into gold at a rate of 35
silver per point and mailed to characters.

    * The minimum cap on Conquest Points earned per week from Arenas is now
1350 at 1500 or less Arena rating. The maximum cap is now 2700 at 3000 or more
Arena rating. The cap continues to scale non-linearly between those two
points. For comparison, during season 9 the cap ranged between 1343 and 3000.

    * The game now separately tracks different Conquest Point caps for
Battlegrounds and Arenas. Battleground ratings receive a bonus of 22.2% to the
cap they generate, meaning the cap from Battleground rating now ranges between
1650 and 3300. Players may earn a total number of Conquest Points per week
equal to the higher of these two caps, but once players have reached the cap
for either Arenas or Battlegrounds, they can no longer earn Conquest Points
from that source. Conquest Points from Battleground holidays only count toward
the total Conquest Point cap.

      * Example: During the first week of Season 10 everyone starts with a
rating below 1500. Therefore, the cap from Rated Battlegrounds will be 1650
and the cap from Arena rating will be 1350. In the first week, the character
wins enough Arena matches to reach the 1350 point cap. After that point, Arena
wins will no longer grant Conquest points for the week. However, the character
can still earn up to 300 additional points, but can only earn those points
from either Rated Battlegrounds, or from the Conquest Point bonus for holiday
and/or daily random Battlegrounds. The following week the cap will be
recalculated based on the character's ratings, and it is possible Arena rating
could now generate the higher cap. The second week, the character's cap from
Arena rating is 1800, and the cap from Rated Battlegrounds is 1650. The
character has a total cap of 1800 Conquest points for the week. Up to 1650
points can be earned from Rated Battlegrounds, but the last 150 must come from
a different source.

  * Valor & Justice Points

    * All existing Valor Points in the Currency tab have been converted to
Justice Points. Any points above the Justice Point cap will be converted into
gold at a rate of 47 silver per point and mailed to characters.

    * The maximum number of Valor Points which can be earned in a week from
any and all applicable dungeons and raids is now 980, down from 1250.

      * The maximum number of Valor Points awarded for completing Rise of the
Zandalari dungeons remains at 980.

      * The maximum number of Valor Points awarded for completing Heroic
dungeons remains at 490.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing a boss in the Firelands
is 120 in 10-player mode, and 140 in 25-player mode.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing Occu'thar in Baradin
Hold is 120 in 10-player mode, and 140 in 25-player mode.

      * The number of Valor Points awarded for killing a boss on Heroic
difficulty in The Bastion of Twilight, Blackwing Descent, and Throne of the
Four winds is 35 in 10-player mode, and 45 in 25-player mode.

**[Dungeons & Raids][112]**

  * Raid Profiles have been added which allow players to save the raid window
user interface layout based on type of content (i.e. 10-player raids,
25-player raids, Battlegrounds, etc.) for future use.

    * Players can select PvE, PvP, specialization, and group size. Each Raid
Profile type will then automatically setup going forward.

    * This feature is available for 5-player content as well when Use Raid-
Style Party Frames is selected in the Interface options.

    * Raid Profiles can list groups horizontally as well as vertically.

  * A Raid button has been added to the Navigation tray which will bring
players straight to the Raid window in the Social pane.

  * Baradin Hold

    * Occu'thar has broken free from his cage and presents an all-new boss
challenge to players in 10- and 25-player arrangements who control Tol Barad.

  * The Bastion of Twilight

    * The damage modifier on normal difficulty has been reduced for Arion,
Elementium Monstrosity, Feludius, Ignacius, and Terrastra.

    * One of each type of bound elemental in the Ascendant Council chamber has
been removed.

    * Bound Deluge's Frost Whirl ability now deals 50% less damage.

    * Arion

      * Chain Lightning damage and chain distance has been reduced.

    * Cho'gall

      * Health, melee damage, Health of Corrupting Adherent, Depravity damage,
Corrupting Crash damage, Flaming Destruction damage, and Unleashed Shadows
damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Corrupting Crash and Depravity

        * The amount of Corruption they give has been reduced to 5, down from
10.

      * Corrupted Bite effect caused by Blood of the Old God has been reduced.

      * Damage taken from Corruption of the Old God per Corrupted Blood has
been reduced from 3% per stack to 2% per stack.

      * Debilitating Beam damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * The duration of Twisted Devotion has been reduced by 25%.

    * Dragon Siblings

      * Health, melee damage, Twilight Meteorite damage, Devouring Flames,
Blackout damage, Unstable Twilight damage, Twilight Zone damage, Twilight
Blast damage, and Fabulous Flames damage have all been reduced by 20%.

    * Elementium Monstrosity

      * Electrical Instability damage has been reduced.

    * Feludius

      * Damage due to being frozen while Waterlogged has been reduced.

    * Halfus

      * Health, melee damage, Fireball/Fireball Barrage damage, Furious Roar
damage, Scorching Breath damage, and Shadow Nova damage have all been reduced
by 20%.

      * Nether Scion, Slate Dragon, Storm Rider, Time Warden, and Orphaned
Emerald Whelp health has been reduced by 20%.

      * Shadow Nova base cast time has been increased.

    * Ignacious

      * Rising Flames now increases damage by 3% per stack, down from 5%.

    * Terrastra

      * Harden Skin now increases physical damage dealt by 20%, down from
100%.

  * Blackwing Descent

    * Atramedes

      * Health, melee damage, modulation damage, Roaring Flame Breath damage,
and Searing Flame damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Modulation no longer causes Sound in normal difficulty.

      * Sound given by Sonar Pulse has been reduced to 3, down from 5.

    * Chimaeron

      * Health has been reduced by 20% and melee damage has been reduced by
10%.

      * Chimaeron will now only cast two caustic slimes per 30-second cycle.

    * Drakeadon Mongrel

      * Time Lapse no longer stuns.

      * Frost Burn silence is now 3 seconds.

    * Dwarven Kings

      * Whirlwind no longer drops threat.

      * Execution Sentence now deals damage only.

      * Shield of Light absorption has been reduced.

    * Magmaw

      * Damage and hit points have been reduced by 20%.

      * Lava Parasites have been diminished.

      * Lava Spew damage, Magma Spit damage, Massive Crash damage, and
Infectious Vomit damage have all been been reduced.

      * Mangled Lifeless no longer instantly kills, and its damage has been
reduced.

      * Parasitic Infection has been decreased.

    * Maloriak

      * Health, damage, Aberration health/damage, Arcane Storm damage, Prime
Subject damage, Flash Freeze/Shatter damage, and Scorching Blast damage have
all been decreased by 20%.

      * The Aberration stacking damage buff has been decreased.

      * Prime Subjects no longer fixate, and are no longer immune to taunt
effects.

    * Nefarian

      * Health and melee damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Animated Bone Warriors take 33 seconds to fall over, down from 50. In
addition, fewer Animated Bone Warriors spawn.

      * Blast Nova cast time has been increased.

      * Chromatic Prototype health has been reduced by 20%.

      * Electrocute damage has been reduced by 30%.

      * Magma Stacking debuff effect has been reduced by 75%.

      * Nefarian's Shadowblaze cast frequency cannot increase beyond 1 once
every 15 seconds.

      * Onyxia health and melee damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Shadowflame Barrage damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Tail Lash damage has been reduced by 50%.

    * Omnotron Council

      * Health, Melee damage, Electrical Discharge damage, Lightning Conductor
damage, Health of Poison Bomb, Incineration Security Measure damage, and
Arcane Annihilator damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Barrier absorb amount has been increased by 100%.

      * The cooldown on Power Conversion (Converted Power chance) has been
increased.

      * Flamethrower damage has been reduced by 40%.

      * Static Shock caused by Unstable Shield damage and Poison Bomb damage
has been decreased by 50%.

  * Deadmines

    * Vanessa VanCleef (Heroic difficulty) now has a sweet, sweet voice to
accompany her dialog.

  * Throne of the Four Winds

    * Al'Akir

      * Acid Rain now stacks every 20 seconds, up from 15.

      * Electrocute now pulses every 1 second, up from 0.5.

      * Feedback duration has been increased to 30 seconds, up from 20.

      * Health, damage, and Wind Burst damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Lightning and Lightning Rod recast time has been increased.

      * Lightning Strike friendly chain damage has been reduced by 50%.

      * Static Shock will no longer be used on normal difficulty in phase 1 or
phase 2.

    * Conclave of the Four Winds

      * Rohash, Anshal, Nezir melee, Ravenous Creeper health/damage, Ravenous
Creeper toxic spores damage, Hurricane damage, Sleet Storm damage, Permafrost
damage , Slicing Gale, and Wind Blast damage have all been reduced by 20%.

      * Gathering Strength cast time has been increased.

      * Ice Patch slow effect is now 5% per stack, up to 10 stacks, down from
10% per stack, up to 30 stacks, and damage has been reduced by 20%.

      * Wind Chill damage has been decreased by 20% and now increases damage
taken by 5% per stack.

  * Zul'Gurub

    * All cauldron buffs are now usable while mounted.

    * High Priestess Kilnara's death now turns off the flaming tiki mask
gauntlet.

    * High Priest Venoxis's death now removes the poison from the plants at
the start of the dungeon.

  * Dungeon & Raid Bug Fixes

    * Bosses are now immune to the shrinking effect from Gnomish Shrink Ray.

    * The achievement Aberrant Behavior should no longer incorrectly reset its
kill tracking during the Maloriak encounter in Blackwing Descent.

    * Anshal's Soothing Breeze should no longer cause combat pets to behave
erratically in Throne of the Four Winds.

    * Raid Marker icons are now visible in all phases of boss encounters.

**[Guilds][113]**

  * Guild Finder

    * Long comments will now work and not be cut off in the display.

  * The daily guild experience cap has been increased by 25%.

  * The weekly guild reputation cap has been increased by 25%.

  * The guild experience cap is now removed at level 20, down from level 23.

  * The Reins of the Dark Phoenix, purchased from the Guild Vendor, has had
its art improved. It's now less transparent and indisputably more awesome.

**[Items][114]**

  * If a player wins a Need roll under the Need Before Greed system on a Bind
on Equip item, the item will become Soulbound to that player. The item will
remain unbound if won via a Greed roll.

  * Applicable tier 11 items now cost Justice Points.

  * Darkmoon Card: Hurricane damage done when triggered has been increased by
40%, however, it can no longer deal critical strikes and no longer receives
any modifiers to its damage from the equipping player.

  * The Keyring bag slot has been removed to make room in the user interface
for new features.

    * Keys which no longer serve a purpose in the game will be removed from
player inventories. Compensation for the keys will be automatically provided
in the form of each key's vendor sell price in gold.

    * Keys which are obsolete quest items will be removed from player
inventories.

    * Keys which may still be of use to players will be transferred to regular
inventory space. If a player's bags are full, these keys will sit in a
backlogged inventory until sufficient space is made available. Once space is
opened, the keys will appear in regular inventory upon the player logging out
or switching zones.

  * PvP Items & Rewards

    * Applicable Season 9 items now cost Honor Points.

    * Gladiator Weapons

      * Season 10 Conquest Point weapons will only be purchasable once a
required minimum sum of Conquest Points has been reached during the current
season. For example, Ruthless Gladiator's Pike costs 3400 Conquest Points to
purchase. However, players must first earn a total of 11650 Conquest Points
during Season 10 before they are able to purchase it.

      * Season 9 Honor Point weapons will only be purchasable once a required
minimum sum of Honor Points has been reached during the current season. For
example, Vicious Gladiator's Pike costs 3400 Honor Points to purchase.
However, players must first earn a total of 18500 Honor Points during Season
10 before they are able to purchase it.

      * Once the minimum sum of points required to purchase weapons is
reached, all available weapons can be purchased for their listed costs. The
point requirement is not reset once a purchase is made.

      * Weapon tooltips from the vendor will let players know how many more
Conquest or Honor Points must be earned in the current season before the item
can be purchased.

    * Rated Battleground Rewards

      * New PvP ground mounts, the Vicious War Wolf (Horde) and Vicious War
Steed (Alliance), will be awarded to players for completing achievements to
win 75, 150, and 300 Rated Battlegrounds respectively, rather than for being
in the top .5% of the ladder at the end of each season as with Arenas. This
award system is to better compliment the spirit of Battlegrounds. One account-
bound mount will be awarded for each achievement unlocked, allowing players
who obtain 150 and 300 Rated Battleground wins to earn this mount a second and
third time. The additional mounts earned can then be sent to alt characters,
given they're account-bound. These mounts are awarded as soon as an associated
achievement is unlocked and do not correspond with end-of-season rewards.

    * Set Bonuses

      * The 2-piece resilience bonus from Cataclysm PvP sets no longer stacks.
If a player wears 2 pieces each from 2 different Cataclysm sets, the player
will only receive the 400 resilience rating bonus once. This change does not
apply to PvP sets from prior expansions.

**[Professions][115]**

  * Engineering

    * D.E.H.T.A. has recently placed a great number of critters under their
protection, especially rabbits and squirrels. Because of this, Flintlocke's
Woodchucker has been re-fitted to use wild chickens until an "agreement" can
be reached.

  * Skinning

    * Players can no longer skin corpses already being actively skinned or
looted by other players.

**[PvP][116]**

  * Arenas

    * The individual Matchmaking Rating column has been removed from the Arena
scoreboard.

    * The Ring of Valor has been added to the Arena rotation once again.
Players no longer start the match on elevators at the center of the map. They
now begin the match in starting rooms on opposite sides of the Arena.

  * Battlegrounds

    * The individual Matchmaking Rating column has been removed from the Rated
Battleground scoreboard and replaced with a team Matchmaking Rating.

    * Eye of the Storm has been added into the rotation as a 10-man Rated
Battleground. The tug-of-war style capture points have been replaced with
Arathi Basin style capture points to better support 10v10 competition. This
change applies only to Rated Battlegrounds. Eye of the Storm is otherwise
still a 15-player Battleground with tug-of-war style capture points.

    * Warsong Gulch has been added back into the Rated Battleground rotation.

    * War Games

      * Many improvements have been made to the War Games interface. It now
has its own panel for ease of use and raid/group leaders are the only ones who
can challenge another group to War Games.

**[Quests & Creatures][117]**

  * There are no longer oddities in the critical strike and dodge chance of
lower-level creatures.

  * Creatures will now display smooth energy regeneration for players.

**[Races][118]**

  * All character races now have a /roar sound.

**[User Interface][119]**

  * The Interface Options screens have changed size to match the Video and
Audio screens. This allows for a larger Compact Unit Frames Profiles panel.

  * Addons will no longer be able to intelligently swap items by working with
the built-in Equipment Manager.

  * The order in which characters are listed at the Character Selection screen
can now be rearranged and saved.

  * The cast bar can now be moved to display below the Character frame.

  * Character talent specializations can now be viewed on mouseover of the
Battlegrounds Scoreboard.

  * There is now a Dismiss Pet option on unit frames.

  * The durability character display will now show items as yellow when they
are below 20% durability, instead of when items have 5 durability or less.

  * The Macros window and Spellbook can now both be open at the same time to
allow for more intuitive macro creation. In addition, the Macros window has a
Save/Cancel button.

  * Move Pad is a mouse-click interface for movement which is now built into
the base interface.

  * It is now easier to change the language of the game client to any language
available in the region.

  * A target or focus target can be selected within the mini-map tracking
(does not include enemy players).

  * Vendors now display currency types they use.

**[Technical][101]**

  * The Blizzard Launcher now utilizes Universal Plug and Play for port
configuration. If your router supports UPnP it will automatically open the
ports that it requires and your downloads will be unrestricted.

**Parche 4.2. de World of Warcraft**

Las notas de todos los parches de World of Warcraft se pueden encontrar
[aquí][120].

**[Vínculos elementales][121]**

Lo que en principio debía ser un acontecimiento feliz en el antiguo Árbol del
Mundo, Nordrassil, ha terminado en tragedia. Allí, los miembros del Círculo
Cenarion y del Anillo de la Tierra, incluido el antiguo Jefe de Guerra Thrall,
se habían reunido con los nobles dragones Aspectos para unificar sus poderes y
restaurar Nordrassil por el bien de Azeroth. Sin embargo, ha corrido la voz de
que un misterioso agente del Martillo Crepuscular interrumpió la ceremonia y
venció a Thrall con magia oscura... diseminando su espíritu por los cuatro
dominios del plano elemental. Si esos terribles rumores resultan ser ciertos,
el Anillo de la Tierra, y de hecho todo Azeroth, ha perdido a uno de sus
mejores campeones.

**[El Brote y el Frente de Magma][122]**

A pesar de que los elfos de la noche y sus aliados rechazaron la primera
invasión de Hyjal de Ragnaros, su trabajo en el monte sagrado aún no ha
terminado. El archidruida Malfurion Tempestira ha reunido a sus camaradas en
el Santuario de Malorne, dentro de El Brote, recién sanado, para invadir los
dominios de Ragnaros: las Tierras de Fuego. Una vez en el plano elemental, los
defensores de Hyjal esperan establecer un baluarte permanente. Pero estos
planes se están viendo amenazados por un nuevo y feroz ataque elemental que ha
arrasado El Brote. A pesar de este contratiempo, los protectores de Hyjal
siguen adelante con su misión, pues saben que será en el corazón de magma de
las Tierras de Fuego donde se decidirá el destino del Monte Hyjal.

**[Las Tierras de Fuego][123]**

Se acerca el momento de atacar a Ragnaros. Ahora la batalla para proteger el
Monte Hyjal se libra en las profundidades del ardiente reino de Ragnaros. A
medida que los defensores de Azeroth ganan terreno y se aproximan a los
sagrarios interiores de las Tierras de Fuego, les espera una tarea monumental.
La guarida de Ragnaros, la Fortaleza de Sulfuron, la protegen sus servidores
más leales, incluidos los traidores druidas de la Llama y su misterioso líder.
Aun así, los valientes héroes que se han aventurado en este reino de cenizas
no pueden permitir que ningún peligro los espante. El resultado de las
batallas que están por venir determinará la supervivencia de Azeroth.

**[Dragonira, el Reposo de Tarecgosa][124]**

La incertidumbre reina en el dominio del Vuelo Azul, El Nexo, mientras sus
miembros discuten por elegir a un nuevo líder. Dividido entre los dos
sucesores más probables, Kalecgos y Arygos, el Vuelo ha acordado reunirse
durante un acontecimiento celestial poco común, conocido como el Abrazo, con
la esperanza de elegir un nuevo Aspecto. Sin embargo, el dragón de bronce
Anachronos ha detectado que algo siniestro actúa alrededor de El Nexo. Algo
que amenaza con comprometer la ceremonia. Si no se alza un héroe para
investigar estas fuerzas oscuras y descubrir sus intenciones, Anachronos cree
que la condenación de Azeroth es inminente.

**_Índice_**

_Haz clic en un enlace para saltar directamente a la sección correspondiente
de las notas de parche._

  * [General][6]

  * [Logros][7]

  * [Clases: General][8]

    * [![][65]][10] [Caballeros de la Muerte][10], [![][66]][12]
[Druidas][12], [![][67]][14] [Cazadores][14], [![][68]][16] [Magos][16],
[![][69]][18] [Paladines][18],

    * [![][70]][20] [Sacerdotes][20], [![][71]][22] [Pícaros][22],
[![][72]][24] [Chamanes][24], [![][73]][26] [Brujos][26], [![][74]][28]
[Guerreros][28]

  * [Moneda][29]

  * [Mazmorras y bandas][30]

  * [Hermandades][31]

  * [Objetos][32]

  * [Profesiones][33]

  * [JcJ][34]

  * [Misiones y criaturas][35]

  * [Razas][36]

  * [Interfaz de usuario][37]

  * [Apartado técnico][38]

**General**

  * Nuevas misiones diarias: El Brote y el Frente de Magma

    * ¡Ya está disponible un gran surtido de nuevas misiones diarias y
recompensas en Hyjal, donde los jugadores pueden ayudar a los Guardianes de
Hyjal a hacer retroceder a los aliados de Ragnaros y a establecer una base de
operaciones en las Tierras de Fuego! Para poder obtener las misiones diarias
de El Brote y el Frente de Magma, los jugadores deben haber completado todas
las misiones del Monte Hyjal hasta El milagro de Aessina, incluida esta. En
cuanto hayan completado esta misión, los jugadores deben hablar con Matogarra
en el Santuario de Malorne para unirse a las fuerzas de El Brote.

  * Nueva cadena de misiones: Vínculos elementales

    * Ya está disponible una nueva línea de misiones para personajes de nivel
85 de la Horda y de la Alianza para que los valientes aventureros ayuden a
Thrall. La llamada del chamán del mundo, la misión que guiará a los jugadores
hacia Thrall y el concilio de Nordrassil, se puede obtener en los Santuarios
de la Tierra de Ventormenta u Orgrimmar.

  * Nueva banda: las Tierras de Fuego

    * Situada en el plano elemental, ¡las Tierras de Fuego es una nueva banda
de 10 y 25 jugadores con dificultad normal y heroica! Ahora los veteranos de
la Horda y de la Alianza, forjados en la batalla, tendrán la oportunidad de
arremeter contra el señor del fuego Ragnaros y sus leales servidores al
aventurarse en sus dominios a través de la Aguja de Sulfuron en el Monte
Hyjal.

  * Nuevo objeto legendario: Dragonira, el Reposo de Tarecgosa

    * Los asaltantes más acérrimos tienen la oportunidad de embarcarse en una
serie de misiones para crear un nuevo bastón legendario. Para comenzar el
proceso de ensamblaje del bastón, los jugadores deben matar primero a un señor
de magma en las Tierras de Fuego. Después de matar al señor de magma, los
jugadores podrán aceptar la misión Un compromiso legendario de Ziradormi en el
Fuerte Grommash, en Orgrimmar, o de Coridormi en lo alto del Sagrario del
Mago, en Ventormenta. La línea de misiones del objeto legendario solo está
disponible para druidas, magos, sacerdotes, chamanes y brujos.

  * Nueva característica de la interfaz de usuario: Guía de mazmorras

    * Ahora, una gran cantidad de información sobre mazmorras forma parte de
la interfaz de usuario gracias a la nueva guía de mazmorras. Se puede acceder
a esta característica mediante un nuevo botón de la barra de navegación desde
cualquier lugar del mundo. En la guía de mazmorras se podrá ver la historia
del jefe, los detalles del encuentro, las facultades y el botín de todos los
jefes que se hayan integrado en el nuevo sistema (esto incluye a los jefes de
todas las mazmorras y bandas de Cataclysm). Se planea incorporar más mazmorras
en futuras actualizaciones.

**[Logros][125]**

  * Por los pelos (nuevo logro): salva a todos los prisioneros antes de que
los sacrifiquen en Zul'Aman en dificultad heroica.

**[Clases: General][126]**

  * Ahora todas las sanaciones críticas sanan 2 veces lo que una sanación
normal (+100%), en vez de 1,5 (+50%).

  * Los jugadores vuelven a poder bailar en combate (sin provocar errores
gráficos). Otras animaciones, como los ataques, tendrán prioridad sobre
bailar. La animación de bailar se suprimirá hasta que la animación de mayor
prioridad se complete. Vuelve la diversión desenfrenada.

  * Beneficios

    * Las facultades de clase que otorgan un beneficio a los objetivos
amistosos ya no generan amenaza. Esto se aplica tanto a beneficios de banda
como Marca de lo Salvaje y Palabra de poder: entereza, así como a efectos
activados como Temple bendito y Dedos de Escarcha y los beneficios de un solo
objetivo como Propósito oscuro e Histeria. Las excepciones son los beneficios
que sanan o infligen daño directamente como Espinas o Renovar. Este tipo de
facultades siguen generando amenaza normal.

  * Control de masas

    * Muchas facultades de control de masas ya no hacen que las criaturas
ataquen a los jugadores cuando se lanzan. La criatura no atacará al jugador
cuando el control de masas deje de tener efecto y las criaturas cercanas
tampoco se volverán hostiles con él. Sin embargo, si un jugador visible se
acerca demasiado a la criatura objetivo, la criatura lo recordará y atacará al
jugador cuando el control de masas deje de tener efecto. La idea es ponérselo
más fácil a los grupos de mazmorra para gestionar el control de masas y la
atracción de grupos de PNJ hostiles. Las facultades afectadas por este cambio
son: Hibernar, Raíces enredadoras, Picadura de dracoleón (seguirá causando
hostilidad cuando empiece a infligir daño), Trampa congelante, Polimorfia,
Arrepentimiento, Encadenar no-muerto, Ceguera, Maleficio, Atar elemental,
Desterrar y Seducción.

  * Mascotas

    * Se ha eliminado la actitud agresiva de la mascota y se ha remplazado con
la actitud de ayuda. Esta actitud hará que la mascota del jugador ataque al
objetivo del jugador. La mascota no cambiará de objetivo a menos que su dueño
ataque a otro objetivo durante unos segundos.

    * Ahora la actitud defensiva de la mascota solo provocará que la mascota
del jugador ataque a enemigos que ataquen a la mascota o a su dueño.

  * Interrupciones de hechizos

    * Ahora los jugadores podrán lanzar hechizos de dos escuelas como Púa
mental (de las escuelas de Escarcha y de las Sombras) o Descarga de Pirofrío
(de las escuelas de Escarcha y de Fuego) cuando se les interrumpa al lanzar un
hechizo de una única escuela como Tortura mental o Descarga de Escarcha. Sin
embargo, ser interrumpido mientras se lanza un hechizo de dos escuelas sigue
interrumpiendo todas las escuelas respectivas como se pretendía.

  * Estadísticas

    * La agilidad ya no aporta ningún bonus a la probabilidad de esquivar de
los caballeros de la Muerte, los paladines y los guerreros. Ahora su
probabilidad de esquivar de base se ha fijado en un 5%.

    * Ahora los caballeros de la Muerte, los paladines y los guerreros reciben
un 27% de sus bonus de fuerza como índice de parada, en vez de un 25%. Esta
conversión se sigue aplicando únicamente a la fuerza que esté por encima de la
fuerza de base.

  * Corrección de errores de clases generales

    * Los jugadores ya no deberían recibir por error un mensaje diciendo que
han interrumpido el lanzamiento de un hechizo cuando no lo han hecho.

    * Las barras de acción ya no desaparecerán brevemente cuando los
personajes que tengan una barra de actitud entren en un vehículo.

**[![][65]][127] [Caballeros de la Muerte][127]**

  * El daño de base de Asolar se ha reducido a un 150% del daño con arma, en
vez de un 160%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Escarcha

      * Ahora Frío hambriento tiene un tiempo de lanzamiento de 1,5 s.

      * Ahora Poder de los Páramos Congelados aumenta el daño con arma de dos
manos un 3/7/10%, en vez de un 4/8/12%.

    * Profano

      * Ahora Poderío profano aumenta la fuerza un 20%, en vez de un 5%.

  * Glifos

    * Se ha rediseñado Glifo de Socorro oscuro. En vez de establecer un límite
mínimo de un 15% de la salud máxima a la sanación de Golpe letal mientras se
está en Presencia de Escarcha o Presencia profana, provoca que el siguiente
Golpe letal en los 15 s después de matar a un enemigo que otorgue experiencia
o puntos de honor sane al menos un 20% de la salud máxima del caballero de la
Muerte (sigue requiriendo Presencia de Escarcha o Presencia profana).

  * Corrección de errores para caballeros de la Muerte

    * Ahora el talento Máquina de matar puede activarse correctamente con los
ataques que se realicen con ambas manos.

**[![][66]][128] [Druidas][128]**

  * Ahora los druidas obtienen 1 p. de poder de ataque por punto de fuerza, en
vez de 2. Seguirán obteniendo 2 p. de poder de ataque por punto de agilidad en
forma felina o de oso. Además, el aumento de escala de las mejoras del
equipamiento bajo forma felina era más lento que para otras clases, lo que
hacía que infligiesen menos daño con objetos de rango superior. Para
contrarrestar el cambio de fuerza y mejorar la escala, se han realizado los
siguientes cambios. Todas las cifras citadas son para personajes de nivel 85.

    * Se ha aumentado un 15% el daño de Mordedura feroz. Además, su coste base
se ha reducido a 25 p. de energía y puede usar hasta 25 p. de energía para
aumentar el daño hasta un 100%.

    * A partir del nivel 80, el daño de Destrozar (felino) se ha aumentado a
un 540% del daño con arma, en vez de un 460%, y el bonus de daño se ha
reducido a 302 p.

    * Ahora el daño inicial de Arañazo inflige el mismo daño al golpear que
cada pulso periódico (y se utiliza así en todos los cálculos de combate).
Ahora el daño periódico obtiene un 14,7% de poder de ataque por pulso, en vez
de un 12,6%, y el daño de base por pulso se ha reducido de 557 p. a 56. Hay un
error conocido en la descripción de Arañazo debido a este cambio, pero se
corregirá en un futuro parche.

    * El daño de Devastar a partir del nivel 80 se ha aumentado a un 950% del
daño con arma, en vez de un 850%, y el bonus de daño se ha reducido a 532 p.

    * Ahora Rugido salvaje otorga un 80% de daño aumentado a los ataques
automáticos cuerpo a cuerpo, en vez de un 50%. El Glifo de Rugido salvaje
sigue siendo un bonus de un 5% de ese total.

    * El daño de Triturar a partir del nivel 80 se ha aumentado a un 540% del
daño con arma, en vez de un 450%, y el bonus de daño se ha reducido a 302 p.

  * Raíces enredadoras y el hechizo equivalente activado por Trabazón con la
Naturaleza ya no infligen daño.

  * Ahora Estimular otorga a un objetivo aliado un 5% de su maná máximo
durante 10 s, pero seguirá otorgando un 20% del maná máximo del druida durante
10 s al autolanzarse.

  * Ahora el beneficio de lanzamiento libre de Augurio de claridad dura 15 s,
en vez de 8.

  * Se ha aumentado aproximadamente un 23% el daño de Fuego estelar.

  * Ahora, a partir del nivel 80, Flagelo (felino) inflige un 600% del daño
con arma, en vez de un 670%.

  * Se ha aumentado aproximadamente un 23% el daño de Cólera.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Equilibrio

      * La duración de Tierra y Luna se ha aumentado a 15 s, en vez de 12.

      * Se ha actualizado el efecto visual del hechizo Crecimiento fúngico
para que sea menos intrusivo visualmente y más estético.

      * Se ha rediseñado Lluvia lunar. Al lanzar Fuego lunar, el druida
obtiene Lluvia lunar. Lluvia lunar aumenta el daño directo infligido por Fuego
lunar un 15/30/45% y reduce el coste de maná un 10/20/30%. Este efecto se
acumula hasta 3 veces y dura 3 s. Mientras se esté bajo los efectos de Lluvia
lunar, Fuego lunar genera 8 p. de energía solar y Fuego Solar genera 8 p. de
energía lunar. La cantidad de energía lunar o solar ganada no cambia en base a
la cantidad de puntos gastados en el talento o las veces que se haya acumulado
Lluvia lunar. Ahora aquellos druidas que quieran retrasar la transición dentro
o fuera de un estado de Eclipse deberían lanzar aquel de sus dos ataques
básicos que no mueva la barra de Eclipse (ya sea Fuego estelar o Cólera).

      * Rayo solar tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

      * Ahora Detonación de champiñón salvaje también puede activar Tierra y
Luna, además de Fuego estelar y Cólera.

    * Feral

      * Las facultades de daño del oso estaban subiendo demasiado rápido al
aumentar el nivel del equipamiento en comparación con otros tanques, así que
se han hecho los siguientes cambios para equilibrarlas. Todas las cifras
citadas son para personajes de nivel 85; las cifras serán más bajas para
personajes de nivel inferior.

        * El daño de base de Fuego feérico (Feral) se ha aumentado a 2950 p.,
en vez de 679 p. La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 10,8%, en
vez de un 15%.

        * El daño de base de Magullar se ha aumentado a 35 p., en vez de 8 p.
La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 19%, en vez de un 26,4%.

        * El porcentaje de daño con arma de Pulverizar se ha reducido a un
60%, en vez de un 80%. El daño por aplicaciones de Lacerar se ha aumentado a
1623 p., en vez de 361 p.

        * El porcentaje de daño con arma de Destrozar (oso) se ha reducido a
un 190%, en vez de un 260%. El daño de bonus se ha aumentado a 3306 p., en vez
de 754 p.

        * El daño de base de Flagelo se ha aumentado a 929 p., en vez de 215
p. La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 12,3%, en vez de un
17,1%.

        * El daño de base inicial de Vapulear se ha aumentado a 1042 p., en
vez de 339 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño inicial se ha reducido a
un 9,82%, en vez de un 19,2%. El daño de base periódico se ha aumentado a 581
p., en vez de 189 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño periódico se ha
reducido a un 1,67%, en vez de un 3,26%. Además, se ha corregido un error por
el que la armadura reducía el daño periódico que inflige esta facultad.

        * El daño de base inicial de Lacerar se ha aumentado a 3608 p., en vez
de 2089 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño inicial se ha reducido a un
5,52%, en vez de un 7,66%. El daño de base periódico se ha aumentado a 69 p.,
en vez de 16 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño periódico se ha
reducido a un 0,369%, en vez de un 0,512%.

      * La reducción de daño de Reacción natural se ha aumentado a un 9/18%,
en vez de un 6/12%.

    * Restauración

      * Se ha eliminado Simbiosis (maestría) y se ha remplazado con Armonía.
Armonía aumenta la sanación directa un 10% extra y lanzar hechizos de sanación
directa otorga un bonus de un 10% extra a la sanación periódica durante 10 s.
Cada punto de maestría aumenta cada bonus un 1,25% extra. Toque de sanación,
Nutrir, Alivio presto y la sanación inicial de Recrecimiento se consideran
hechizos de sanación directa para los propósitos de esta maestría. Todas las
demás sanaciones de hechizos de druida se consideran periódicas.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora el aumento de la duración de Glifo de Rabia es de 10 s, en vez de
5.

    * Se ha rediseñado Glifo de Mordedura feroz. Ahora hace que Mordedura
feroz sane al taumaturgo un 1% de la salud máxima por cada 10 p. de energía
usados.

    * Ahora glifo de Estimular hace que el druida obtenga un 10% de su maná
máximo durante 10 s cuando se usa Estimular en un objetivo amistoso, además
del efecto de base de Estimular.

  * Bonus de conjunto

    * Ahora el bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 4 piezas de rango 11 de druida
Equilibrio, Alineación astral, otorga una probabilidad total de daño crítico
de un 15% con 3 cargas y disminuye un 5% por carga, en vez de un total de un
99% y disminuir un 33% por carga. Este cambio se ha hecho porque el bonus de
conjunto resultó ser tan valioso que no era posible mejorarlo hasta el nivel
12. Para compensar, se han hecho cambios a Fuego estelar y Cólera (listados al
principio de la sección de la clase druida).

    * El bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 2 piezas de rango 11 de druida
Restauración se ha rediseñado para funcionar con la nueva maestría del druida
Restauración. Ahora los druidas con este bonus reciben el bonus de espíritu
mientras el bonus de maestría a la sanación periódica de Armonía esté activo.

  * Corrección de errores para druidas

    * En algunos encuentros ya no es posible usar Carga feral al estar más
cerca que lo que permite su alcance mínimo.

**[![][67]][129] [Cazadores][129]**

  * Se ha reducido el daño de Multidisparo. Ahora inflige un 120% del daño con
arma a partir del nivel 80, en vez de un 137%.

  * Ahora las trampas aumentan junto con las estadísticas del cazador como
golpe, pericia, penetración de hechizos y poder de ataque como se pretendía.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Puntería

      * Ahora Afinar puntería otorga una probabilidad extra de golpe crítico
contra objetivos con más de un 90% de salud, en vez de un 80%.

    * Supervivencia

      * El daño infligido por Flecha negra se ha aumentado aproximadamente un
40%.

  * Mascotas

    * Se han añadido 10 nuevas bestias domesticables poco comunes, y cada una
proporciona un reto de domesticación único. ¿Serás tú el primer cazador que
domestique a Deth'tilac, la menos común y más poderosa de todas ellas? Los
jugadores tendrán que avanzar a través de las zonas de misiones diarias de El
Brote de Hyjal y del Frente de Magma para desbloquear el acceso a toda la gama
de retos de domesticación.

    * Se ha rediseñado Intervenir (tenacidad de la mascota). La mascota corre
a gran velocidad hacia un miembro del grupo, lo que reduce el daño que recibe
en el siguiente ataque cuerpo a cuerpo o a distancia a un 50% de la salud
total de la mascota.

**[![][68]][130] [Magos][130]**

  * El daño de Explosión Arcana se ha reducido un 5%.

  * Lanzar Piroexplosión cuando Buena racha no estaba activo infligía
ligeramente menos daño que la versión de Buena racha. Su daño se ha aumentado
para que ahora ambas versiones de Piroexplosión inflijan la misma cantidad de
daño.

  * El coste de maná de Robar hechizo se ha aumentado un 100%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Fuego

      * Cuando Impacto esparce Bomba viva, solo se esparcirá a dos objetivos
adicionales. El efecto neto es que si el objetivo más reciente de Bomba viva
del mago es el mismo que su objetivo de Impacto, ese objetivo ya no perderá el
efecto de Bomba viva. Si Bomba viva está activo en varios objetivos cuando se
lanza el efecto de Impacto, Bomba viva seguirá estando activo en el objetivo
más reciente de Bomba viva, y se le añadirá a otros dos objetivos cercanos.

    * Escarcha

      * Congelación profunda y Anillo de Escarcha se causarán rendimiento
decreciente mutuamente, además de los hechizos con los que comparten
rendimientos decrecientes normalmente.

**[![][69]][131] [Paladines][131]**

  * El coste de maná de Luz divina se ha aumentado un 35% del maná base, en
vez de un 30%.

  * El coste de maná de Destello de Luz se ha aumentado un 31% del maná base,
en vez de un 27%.

  * Ahora Guardián de los antiguos reyes usa la funcionalidad de la nueva
actitud "Ayudar" de la mascota.

  * El coste de maná de Luz Sagrada se ha aumentado un 12% del maná base, en
vez de un 10%.

  * Reprimenda, Escudo divino y Protección divina tienen iconos nuevos.

  * Ahora Sello de Rectitud se puede activar con cualquier facultad cuerpo a
cuerpo, no solo con las facultades cuerpo a cuerpo de un solo objetivo. Esto
añade Martillo del honrado (el componente físico) y Tormenta divina a la lista
de facultades que pueden activar este sello. Además, ahora los procs de Sello
de Rectitud pueden tener efectos críticos.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Sagrado

      * Señal de la Luz ya no se puede disipar. Además, ahora transfiere un
100% de la sanación de Luz Sagrada, pero sigue transfiriendo un 50% de la
sanación de otros hechizos.

      * Se ha rediseñado Acusar. Sigue reduciendo el coste de maná de
Exorcismo. Sin embargo, ya no tiene una probabilidad de que Choque Sagrado
haga que Exorcismo sea gratuito e instantáneo. En su lugar, tiene una
probabilidad de un 50/100% de evitar que el objetivo de Exorcismo cause
efectos críticos durante los 6 s siguientes. Este efecto se puede disipar.

      * El coste de maná de Choque Sagrado se ha reducido a un 7% del maná
base, en vez de un 8%.

      * Se ha ajustado ligeramente Sanación iluminada (maestría) para que si
un paladín reinicia en un objetivo una copia existente de su propia Sanación
iluminada, la nueva cantidad de absorción se añada a la vieja y se restaure la
duración. La absorción total creada no podrá superar un tercio de la salud del
paladín que la lanza.

      * Ahora Infusión de Luz puede reducir el tiempo de lanzamiento de
Destello de Luz 0,75/1,5 s, además del de Luz Sagrada y Luz divina. Además, el
antiguo efecto del hechizo Acusar se ha transferido a Infusión de Luz ya que
Acusar ya no es un proc.

      * Ahora Velocidad de la Luz aumenta la velocidad de movimiento cuando se
lanza Radiancia Sagrada o Protección divina. Además, ahora este talento reduce
el tiempo de reutilización de Radiancia Sagrada 13/26/40 s, en vez de
10/20/30.

      * Ahora Camino de la Luz mejora la sanación de Palabra de gloria un 30%,
además de sus efectos actuales.

    * Protección

      * Defensor candente tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

      * Custodiado por la Luz ya no interactúa con Escudo Sagrado de ninguna
manera.

      * Se ha reducido un 10% el coste de maná de Martillo del honrado, en vez
de un 12%, para que se ajuste a Golpe de cruzado.

      * Se ha rediseñado Escudo Sagrado. Ahora este talento es una facultad
activada independiente del tiempo de reutilización global. Otorga una cantidad
de bloqueo aumentado de un 20% a los bloqueos con escudo del paladín durante
10 s, con un tiempo de reutilización de 30 s.

      * Ahora Sentencias del sabio hace proc al lanzarlo en vez de al golpear,
lo que significa que las sentencias que fallan aún pueden otorgar maná. Esto
es para garantizar que los paladines Protección no se quedan sin maná si no
alcanzan el límite de índice de golpe.

    * Reprensión

      * Ahora Inquisición de fe aumenta la duración de Inquisición un
66/133/200%, en vez de un 50/100/150%.

      * Ahora el talento Sellos de mando hace que Sello de Rectitud golpee a
un número ilimitado de objetivos cuerpo a cuerpo, en vez de solo a 2 objetivos
adicionales.

      * Sanación desinteresada ya no se puede disipar y no se puede robar con
Robar hechizo; y, además de sus efectos actuales, reduce el tiempo de
reutilización de Palabra de gloria 5/10 s.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora el bonus de pericia de Glifo de Sello de Verdad también funciona
cuando Sello de Rectitud está activo.

**[![][70]][132] [Sacerdotes][132]**

  * El daño de Peste devoradora se ha reducido un 12%.

  * El daño de Explosión mental se ha aumentado un 12%.

  * Maligno de las Sombras usa la funcionalidad de la nueva actitud "Ayudar"
de la mascota.

  * El daño de Palabra de las Sombras: muerte se ha aumentado un 12%.

  * El daño de Palabra de las Sombras: dolor se ha reducido un 12%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Sombra

      * El daño de Tortura mental se ha aumentado un 12%.

      * Horror psíquico ya no requiere estar frente al objetivo, lo que lo
hace consistente con otros hechizos de control de masas que no están basados
en proyectiles.

      * El efecto de miedo que proporciona Pecado y castigo al disipar Toque
Vampírico, ya no tiene rendimiento decreciente.

      * El daño de Toque vampírico se ha reducido un 12%.

  * Corrección de errores para sacerdotes

    * Los jugadores ya no cancelarán antes de tiempo un hechizo canalizado al
hacer clic en Pozo de Luz.

**[![][71]][133] [Pícaros][133]**

  * Ahora el tiempo de reutilización de Capa de las Sombras es de 2 minutos,
en vez de 90 s. Además, Capa de las Sombras ya no depende del tiempo de
reutilización global.

  * Ahora Disposición al combate y Capa de las Sombras comparten tiempo de
reutilización.

  * Ahora la duración de Ceguera contra PNJ enemigos es de 1 minuto, mientras
que la duración contra jugadores es de 8 s.

  * Ahora Sigilo vuelve a iniciar su tiempo de reutilización una vez que el
pícaro deja de estar en modo Sigilo.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Asesinato

      * El bonus de daño de Resolución del asesino se ha aumentado a un 20%,
en vez de un 15%.

      * Ahora Venenos inmundos aumenta el daño de veneno un 12/24/36%, en vez
de un 7/14/20%.

    * Combate

      * Ahora Combate salvaje aumenta el poder de ataque un 3/6%, en vez de un
2/4%.

      * Ahora Vitalidad aumenta el poder de ataque un 30%, en vez de un 25%.

    * Sutileza

      * Ahora Elusión reduce el tiempo de reutilización de Capa de las Sombras
15/30 s, en vez de 10/20 s, y ahora también reduce el tiempo de reutilización
de Disposición al combate 15/30 s.

      * El daño de base de Hemorragia se ha aumentado un 40%.

      * El daño de Vena sangrienta a objetivos sangrantes se ha aumentado a un
8/16%, en vez de un 5/10%.

**[![][72]][134] [Chamanes][134]**

  * El daño de Nova de Fuego se ha aumentado un 15%.

  * Escudo de relámpagos y Escudo de agua ya no se pueden disipar.

  * Ahora Desatar elementos está en la escuela de Naturaleza y de este modo ya
no se puede usar si se ha bloqueado la escuela de Naturaleza de un chamán.

  * Ahora Desatar viento inflige un 175% del daño con arma, en vez de un 125%.

  * El tiempo de reutilización interno de Escudo de agua se ha reducido a 3,5
s para que se ajuste a otros escudos. Se ha reducido un 50% la cantidad de
maná restaurada cuando Escudo de agua hace proc.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Elemental

      * Ahora Llamada de las llamas también provoca que Nova de Fuego añada
3/6 s a la duración de las auras de Choque de llamas en los objetivos
afectados por Nova de Fuego.

      * Ahora Flujos de lava otorga un 30/60/90% de beneficio de celeridad
cuando se disipa el efecto de Choque de llamas, en vez de un 10/20/30%.

      * Ahora Tormenta de truenos reduce un 40% la velocidad de movimiento de
los jugadores a los que repele durante 5 s.

    * Mejora

      * Ahora Golpe de tormenta inflige un 225% del daño con arma, en vez de
un 125%.

    * Restauración

      * Se ha rediseñado Escudo de agua mejorado y renombrado como
Resurgimiento. Cuando Escudo de agua está activo, Resurgimiento hace que las
sanaciones críticas directas restauren maná (Resurgimiento de rango 2 es
prácticamente igual a un 150% del valor del antiguo Escudo de agua mejorado
cuando una Ola de sanación o una Ola de sanación superior realizan una
sanación crítica y se ha rebajado de acuerdo con esto para los hechizos más
rápidos o con varios objetivos).

      * Ahora Marea de maná otorga un 200% del espíritu del taumaturgo, en vez
de un 400%.

  * Glifos

    * Glifo de Relámpago desatado (nuevo glifo primordial) permite lanzar
Descarga de relámpagos en movimiento.

  * Bonus de conjunto

    * Se ha rediseñado el bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 4 piezas de chamán
Elemental (conjunto puño de trueno de Gladiador). Ahora, cuando se activa al
recibir daño, hace que Escudo de relámpagos genere una carga extra en vez de
consumirla, hasta un máximo de 3 (9 con el talento Trueno ensordecedor).

**[![][73]][135] [Brujos][135]**

  * Ahora Fuego de alma está disponible en el nivel 20, en vez de en el nivel
54.

  * Cosecha de almas tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora Glifo de Trueque de alma aplica un tiempo de reutilización de 30 s
a Trueque de alma, en vez de 15 s.

  * Corrección de errores para brujos

    * Ya no se puede abandonar el combate mientras se está canalizando Drenar
alma.

**[![][74]][136] [Guerreros][136]**

  * Ahora Abrumar tiene un tiempo de reutilización normal y global de 1,5 s
(el tiempo de reutilización de Abrumar de Gusto por la sangre no ha cambiado).

  * Temeridad y Calma mortal ya no se pueden usar al mismo tiempo. No se puede
usar una si la otra está activa, pero usar una no hace que la otra entre en su
tiempo de reutilización total.

  * Represalias, Temeridad y Muro de escudo ya no tienen requisitos de
actitud.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Armas

      * El aumento del daño con arma de la Especialización en armas de dos
manos se ha reducido a un 12%, en vez de un 20%.

    * Furia

      * El aumento del daño con arma de la Especialización en doble empuñadura
se ha reducido a un 5%, en vez de un 10%.

  * Corrección de errores para guerreros

    * En algunos encuentros ya no es posible usar Cargar al estar más cerca
que lo que permite su alcance mínimo.

**Moneda**

  * Puntos de honor y de conquista

    * Todos los puntos de conquista existentes en la pestaña Monedas se han
convertido en puntos de honor. Todos los puntos de honor que superen el límite
deberán gastarse en la semana siguiente antes de que empiece la temporada 10.
En cuanto empiece la temporada 10, todos los puntos de honor que superen el
límite de 4000 p. se convertirán en oro, a un índice de 35 de plata por punto,
y se enviarán a los personajes por correo.

    * Ahora el mínimo de puntos de conquista que se gana en arenas por semana
es de 1350 p. con un índice de arena de 1500 p. o menos. Ahora el máximo es
2700 p. con un índice de arena de 3000 p. o más. El límite sigue aumentando de
forma no lineal entre esos dos puntos. Para comparar, durante la temporada 9
el límite oscilaba entre 1343 y 3000 p.

    * Ahora el juego registra por separado los límites de puntos de conquista
para campos de batalla y arenas. Los índices de campo de batalla reciben un
bonus de un 22,2% que se aplica al límite que generan, es decir, el límite
para el índice de campo de batalla ahora oscila entre 1650 y 3300 p. Los
jugadores podrán ganar un número total de puntos de conquista por semana igual
al mayor de estos dos límites, pero una vez que los jugadores hayan alcanzado
el límite de arenas o de campos de batalla, ya no podrán ganar puntos de
conquista de esa fuente. Los puntos de conquista las fiestas de campos de
batalla solo contarán para el límite total de puntos de conquista.

      * Ejemplo: La primera semana de la temporada 10 todos empiezan con un
índice inferior a 1500 p. Por tanto, el límite de los campos de batalla
puntuados será de 1650 p. y el límite para el índice de arena será de 1350 p.
La primera semana, el personaje gana suficientes encuentros de arenas para
alcanzar el límite de 1350 p. Después, las victorias en arenas ya no otorgarán
puntos de conquista durante esa semana. Sin embargo, el personaje aún puede
conseguir hasta 300 p. extra, pero solo en campos de batalla puntuados o con
los bonus de puntos de conquista por ir a campos de batalla aleatorios diarios
o de fiestas. La siguiente semana, el límite se volverá a calcular según los
índices del personaje y puede que el índice de arena ya genere su mayor
límite. La segunda semana, el límite del índice de arena del personaje es de
1800 p. y el límite de los campos de batalla puntuados es de 1650 p. El
personaje cuenta con un límite total de 1800 p. de conquista para la semana.
Se pueden ganar hasta 1650 p. en campos de batalla puntuados, pero los últimos
150 p. se deben conseguir de otra forma.

  * Puntos de valor y de justicia

    * Todos los puntos de valor existentes en la pestaña Monedas se han
convertido en puntos de justicia. Todos los puntos de justicia que superen el
límite se convertirán en oro, a un índice de 47 de plata por punto, y se
enviarán a los jugadores por correo.

    * Ahora la cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se puede ganar en una
semana en cualquiera de las mazmorras y bandas aplicables es 980 p., en vez de
1250 p.

      * La cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se otorgan por completar las
mazmorras de La Rebelión de los Zandalari sigue siendo 980 p.

      * La cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se otorgan por completar
mazmorras heroicas sigue siendo 490 p.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a un jefe en
las Tierras de Fuego es 120 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 140 p. en modo de 25
jugadores.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a Occu'thar en
el Bastión de Baradin es 120 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 140 p. en modo de 25
jugadores.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a un jefe en
dificultad heroica en El Bastión del Crepúsculo, el Descenso de Alanegra y el
Trono de los Cuatro Vientos es 35 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 45 p. en modo
de 25 jugadores.

**[Mazmorras y bandas][137]**

  * Se han añadido perfiles de banda que permitirán a los jugadores guardar la
distribución de la interfaz de usuario de la ventana de banda según el tipo de
contenido (por ejemplo: bandas de 10 jugadores, bandas de 25 jugadores, campos
de batalla, etc.) para futuros usos.

    * Los jugadores pueden elegir JcE, JcJ, especialización y tamaño del
grupo. A partir de ese momento, cada tipo de perfil de banda se establecerá
automáticamente.

    * Esta característica también está disponible para el contenido de 5
jugadores cuando esté seleccionado Usar marcos de grupo estilo banda en las
Opciones de interfaz.

    * Los perfiles de banda pueden enumerar grupos en horizontal y en
vertical.

  * Se ha añadido un botón de banda a la barra de navegación que llevará a los
jugadores directamente a la ventana de banda del panel Social.

  * Bastión de Baradin

    * Occu'thar se ha liberado de su prisión y es un jefe que representa un
nuevo desafío para los jugadores en modos de 10 y 25 jugadores que controlen
Tol Barad.

  * El Bastión del Crepúsculo

    * Se ha reducido el modificador de daño en dificultad normal para Arion,
la monstruosidad de elementium, Feludius, Ignacious y Terrastra.

    * Se ha eliminado un elemental vinculado de cada tipo en la cámara del
Consejo de ascendientes.

    * Ahora la facultad Remolino de Escarcha de inundación esclava inflige un
50% menos de daño.

    * Arion

      * Se ha reducido el daño y la distancia de encadenamiento de Cadena de
relámpagos.

    * Cho'gall

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, la salud del
partidario en corrupción, el daño de Depravación, el daño de Colisión en
corrupción, el daño de Destrucción flameante y el daño de Sombras desatadas.

      * Colisión en corrupción y Depravación

    * Se ha reducido la cantidad de Corrupción que infligen a 5 p., en vez de
10 p.

    * Se ha reducido el efecto de Mordedura corrupta provocado por Sangre del
dios antiguo.

    * El daño recibido de Corrupción del dios antiguo por Sangre corrupta se
ha reducido de un 3% por acumulación a un 2% por acumulación.

    * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Haz debilitador.

    * Se ha reducido un 25% la duración de Devoción retorcida.

    * Dragones hermanos

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Meteorito Crepuscular, Llamas devoradoras, el daño de Desmayo, el daño de
Crepúsculo inestable, el daño de Dimensión Crepuscular, el daño de Explosión
Crepuscular y el daño de Llamas portentosas.

    * Monstruosidad de elementium

      * Se ha reducido el daño de Inestabilidad eléctrica.

    * Feludius

      * Se ha reducido el daño recibido al ser Congelado mientras se está
Calado.

    * Halfus

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Bola de Fuego y de Tromba de bolas de Fuego, el daño de Rugido furioso, el
daño de Aliento agostador y el daño de Nova de las Sombras.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud del sucesor abisal, el dragón de
pizarra, el jinete de tormentas, el celador del Tiempo y la cría esmeralda
huérfana.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Nova de las Sombras.

    * Ignacious

      * Ahora Llamas crecientes aumenta el daño un 3% por acumulación, en vez
de un 5%.

    * Terrastra

      * Ahora Endurecer piel aumenta el daño físico infligido un 20%, en vez
de un 100%.

    * Descenso de Alanegra

    * Atramedes

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Modulación, el daño de Aliento de llama rugidora y el daño de Llamas
abrasadoras.

      * Modulación ya no provoca sonido en dificultad normal.

      * El sonido provocado por Impulso de sónar se ha reducido a 3 p., en vez
de 5 p.

    * Chimaeron

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y un 10% el daño cuerpo a cuerpo.

      * Ahora Chimaeron solo lanzará dos Babosas cáusticas por ciclo de 30 s.

    * Bastardo drakeadon

      * Lapso de tiempo ya no aturde

      * Ahora el silencio de Quemadura de Escarcha es de 3 s.

    * Reyes enanos

      * Torbellino ya no reduce la amenaza.

      * Ahora Sentencia de ejecución solo inflige daño.

      * Se ha reducido la absorción de Escudo de Luz.

    * Faucemagma

      * Se han reducido un 20% los puntos de daño y de impacto.

      * Se han disminuido los parásitos de lava.

      * Se ha reducido el daño de Vómito de lava, el daño de Flema de magma,
el daño de Colisión monumental y el daño de Vómito infeccioso.

      * Exprimido hasta morir ya no mata al instante y se ha reducido su daño.

      * Se ha reducido Infección parasitaria.

    * Maloriak

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño, el daño y la salud de
Aberración, el daño de Tormenta Arcana, el daño de Sujeto principal, el daño
de Congelación apresurada y de Trizar y el daño de Explosión agostadora.

      * Se ha reducido el beneficio del daño de acumulación de Aberración.

      * Los sujetos principales ya no se fijan y ya no son inmunes a los
efectos de Provocar.

    * Nefarian

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y el daño cuerpo a cuerpo.

      * Los guerreros osarios animados tardan 33 s en caer, en vez de 50.
Además, aparecen menos guerreros osarios animados.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Nova explosiva.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud del prototipo cromático.

      * Se ha reducido un 30% el daño de Electrocutar.

      * Se ha reducido un 75% el efecto del perjuicio de acumulación de Magma.

      * La frecuencia de lanzamiento de Llamarada de las Sombras de Nefarian
no puede ser superior a una vez cada 15 s.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y el daño cuerpo a cuerpo de Onyxia.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Tromba de Pirosombra.

      * Se ha reducido un 50% el daño de Latigazo de cola.

    * Sistema de Defensa de Omnitron

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Descarga eléctrica, el daño de Conductor de relámpagos, la salud de Bomba de
veneno, el daño de Medida de seguridad de incineración y el daño de
Aniquilador Arcano.

      * Se ha aumentado un 100% la cantidad de absorción de Barrera.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de reutilización de Conversión de poder
(probabilidad de Poder transformado).

      * Se ha reducido un 40% el daño de Lanzallamas.

      * Se ha reducido un 50% el Choque estático causado por el daño de Escudo
inestable y de Bomba de veneno.

    * Minas de la Muerte

      * Ahora Vanessa VanCleef (dificultad heroica) tiene una voz muy dulce
para acompañar a sus diálogos.

    * Trono de los Cuatro Vientos

      * Al'Akir

        * Ahora Lluvia ácida se acumula cada 20 s, en vez de cada 15.

        * Ahora Electrocutar emite pulsos cada 1 s, en vez de cada 0,5.

        * La duración de Rebote se ha aumentado a 30 s, en vez de 20.

        * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño y el daño de Ráfaga de
viento.

        * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de relanzamiento de Relámpago y de Vara
relámpago.

        * Se ha reducido un 50% el daño en cadena de Golpe de relámpagos a los
aliados.

        * Ya no usará Choque estático en dificultad normal ni en la fase 1 ni
en la 2.

      * Cónclave del Viento

        * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño cuerpo a cuerpo de Rohash, Anshal y
Nezir, el daño y la salud del trepador voraz, el daño de las esporas tóxicas
del trepador voraz, el daño de Huracán, el daño de Tormenta de granizo, el
daño de Escarcha permanente, Vendaval cortante y el daño de Explosión de
viento.

        * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Reunir fuerza.

        * Ahora la ralentización de Zona de hielo es de un 5% por acumulación,
y se puede acumular hasta 10 veces (en vez de un 10% por acumulación, con
posibilidad de acumularse hasta 30 veces) y se ha reducido un 20% el daño.

        * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Viento escalofriante y ahora
aumenta el daño recibido un 5% por acumulación.

    * Zul'Gurub

      * Ahora todos los beneficios de los calderos se pueden usar sobre una
montura.

      * Ahora la muerte de la suma sacerdotisa Kilnara desactiva el pasillo de
máscaras Tiki llameantes.

      * Ahora la muerte del sumo sacerdote Venoxis elimina el veneno de las
plantas al principio de la mazmorra.

    * Corrección de errores de mazmorras y bandas

      * Ahora los jefes son inmunes al efecto reductor del rayo reductor
gnómico.

      * El logro Comportamiento aberrante ya no debería reiniciar por error su
registro de muertes durante el encuentro de Maloriak en el Descenso de
Alanegra.

      * La Brisa calmante de Anshal ya no debería provocar que las mascotas de
combate se comporten de forma errática en el Trono de los Cuatro Vientos.

      * Ahora los iconos de las marcas de banda son visibles en todas las
fases de los encuentros con jefes.

**[Hermandades][138]**

  * Buscador de hermandad

    * Ahora funcionarán los comentarios largos y no aparecerán cortados.

  * El límite diario de experiencia de hermandad se ha aumentado un 25%.

  * El límite semanal de reputación de hermandad se ha aumentado un 25%.

  * Ahora el límite de experiencia de hermandad desaparece en el nivel 20, en
vez de en el 23.

  * Se ha mejorado el diseño de las riendas del fénix oscuro, que se compran a
un vendedor de hermandad. Ahora la montura es menos transparente y, sin duda,
más impresionante.

**[Objetos][139]**

  * Si un jugador gana un tiro por necesidad en el sistema de necesidad antes
que codicia con un objeto del tipo Se liga al equiparlo, el objeto se quedará
ligado al alma de ese jugador. El objeto no se ligará si se gana con un tiro
por codicia.

  * Ahora los objetos de rango 11 apropiados cuestan puntos de justicia.

  * Se ha aumentado un 40% el daño infligido por Naipe de la Luna Negra:
Huracán cuando se activa. Sin embargo, ya no puede infligir golpes críticos y
ya no recibe modificadores de daño del jugador que lo equipa.

  * Se ha eliminado la ranura del llavero para dejar sitio a nuevas
características en la interfaz de usuario.

    * Se eliminarán del inventario de los jugadores las llaves que ya no
sirvan en el juego. Se recompensará automáticamente con oro por las llaves
según el precio de venta de cada una.

    * Se eliminarán del inventario de los jugadores las llaves que sean
objetos de misión obsoletos.

    * Las llaves que todavía puedan servir a los jugadores se trasladarán al
espacio del inventario normal. Si las bolsas de un jugador están llenas, esas
llaves permanecerán en un inventario de reserva hasta que dispongan del
espacio necesario. Una vez que haya espacio, las llaves aparecerán en el
inventario normal cuando el jugador se desconecte o cambie de zona.

  * Objetos y recompensas de JcJ

    * Ahora los objetos de la temporada 9 apropiados cuestan puntos de honor.

      * Armas de Gladiador

      * Las armas por puntos de conquista de la temporada 10 solo se podrán
comprar una vez que se alcance una cantidad mínima de puntos de conquista
durante la temporada actual. Por ejemplo, la pica de Gladiador implacable
cuesta 3400 puntos de conquista. Sin embargo, los jugadores tendrán que
conseguir primero un total de 11650 puntos de conquista durante la temporada
10 antes de poder comprarla.

      * Las armas por puntos de honor de la temporada 9 solo se podrán comprar
una vez que se alcance una cantidad mínima de puntos de honor durante la
temporada actual. Por ejemplo, la pica de Gladiador sañoso cuesta 3400 puntos
de honor. Sin embargo, los jugadores tendrán que conseguir primero un total de
18500 puntos de honor durante la temporada 10 antes de poder comprarla.

      * En cuanto se alcance la cantidad mínima de puntos necesarios para
comprar armas, todas las armas disponibles se podrán comprar por los precios
de la lista. El requisito de puntos no se reinicia al realizar una compra.

      * Las descripciones de las armas de los vendedores indicarán a los
jugadores cuántos puntos de conquista o de honor tienen que conseguir en la
temporada actual para poder comprar el objeto.

    * Recompensas de campos de batalla puntuados

      * Se otorgarán a los jugadores nuevas monturas terrestres de JcJ, el
lobo de guerra sañoso (Horda) y el corcel de guerra sañoso (Alianza), por
completar los logros de ganar 75, 150 y 300 campos de batalla puntuados
respectivamente, en vez de por estar entre el 0,5% más alto de la
clasificación al final de cada temporada, como en las arenas. Este sistema de
recompensas sirve para premiar mejor el espíritu de los campos de batalla. Se
otorgará una montura ligada a la cuenta por cada logro desbloqueado, lo que
permitirá a los jugadores que ganen 150 y 300 campos de batalla puntuados
conseguir esta montura por segunda y tercera vez. Las monturas adicionales
obtenidas se pueden enviar a personajes alternativos siempre que estén ligados
a la cuenta. Estas monturas se otorgan en cuanto se desbloquea un logro
asociado y no se corresponden con recompensas de fin de temporada.

    * Bonus de conjunto

      * El bonus de temple de 2 piezas de los conjuntos de JcJ de Cataclysm ya
no se acumula. Si un jugador lleva 2 piezas, cada una de un conjunto de
Cataclysm diferente, el jugador solo recibirá el bonus de 400 p. de temple una
vez. Este cambio no se aplica a los conjuntos de JcJ de expansiones
anteriores.

**[Profesiones][140]**

  * Ingeniería

    * D.E.H.T.A. ha puesto recientemente un gran número de alimañas bajo su
protección, sobre todo conejos y ardillas. Por eso, el lanzalimañas de
Cierrasílex se ha readaptado para usar pollos salvajes hasta que se pueda
llegar a un "acuerdo".

  * Desuello

    * Los jugadores ya no pueden desollar cadáveres que ya estén siendo
desollados o despojados de forma activa por otros jugadores.

**[JcJ][141]**

  * Arenas

    * Se ha eliminado la columna de índice de búsqueda individual de la
puntuación de arenas.

    * El Círculo del Valor se ha vuelto a añadir a la rotación de las arenas.
Los jugadores ya no empiezan el encuentro en elevadores en el centro del mapa.
Ahora empezarán el encuentro en salas de inicio en lados opuestos de la arena.

  * Campos de batalla

    * Se ha eliminado la columna de índice de búsqueda individual de la
puntuación de los campos de batalla puntuados y se ha remplazado con un índice
de búsqueda por equipos.

    * Se ha añadido Ojo de la Tormenta a la rotación como campo de batalla
puntuado de 10 jugadores. Los puntos de captura al estilo tira y afloja se han
remplazado por puntos de captura al estilo de la Cuenca de Arathi para
fomentar la competición 10c10. Este cambio solo se aplica a los campos de
batalla puntuados. Por otro lado, Ojo de la Tormenta sigue siendo un campo de
batalla de 15 jugadores con puntos de captura al estilo tira y afloja.

    * Se ha vuelto a añadir Garganta Grito de Guerra a la rotación de campos
de batalla puntuados.

    * Juegos de guerra

      * Se han hecho muchas mejoras a la interfaz de los juegos de guerra.
Ahora tiene su propio panel para que su uso sea más sencillo y los líderes de
grupo o banda serán los únicos que podrán desafiar a otro grupo.

**[Misiones y criaturas][142]**

  * Se han solucionado las anomalías de la probabilidad de golpe crítico y de
esquivar de las criaturas de nivel bajo.

  * Ahora las criaturas muestran una regeneración de energía progresiva a los
jugadores.

**[Razas][143]**

  * Ahora todas las razas de personajes tienen un sonido para /rugir.

**[Interfaz de usuario][144]**

  * Se ha cambiado el tamaño de las pantallas de Opciones de interfaz para que
sea igual que el de las pantallas de vídeo y audio. Esto permite tener un
panel de perfiles de marcos de unidades compactos más grande.

  * Los addons ya no podrán intercambiar objetos de forma inteligente a través
del gestor de equipamiento incorporado.

  * Ahora el orden en el que aparecen los personajes en la pantalla de
selección de personaje se puede reorganizar y guardar.

  * Ahora se puede mover la barra de lanzamiento para que aparezca debajo de
la ventana de Personaje.

  * Ahora las especializaciones de talentos de los personajes se pueden ver al
pasar el ratón por el marcador de los campos de batalla.

  * Ahora existe la opción Retirar mascota en los marcos de unidad.

  * Ahora la durabilidad de los objetos del personaje se mostrará en amarillo
cuando estén por debajo del 20% de su durabilidad, en vez de cuando los
objetos tengan 5 p. de durabilidad o menos.

  * Ahora la ventana de macros y el libro de hechizos se pueden abrir al mismo
tiempo para que la creación de macros sea más intuitiva. Además, la ventana de
macros tiene un botón Guardar/Cancelar.

  * Cuadro de movimiento es una interfaz de movimiento que funciona con el
clic del ratón, que ahora forma parte de la interfaz básica.

  * Ahora es más fácil cambiar el idioma del cliente del juego a cualquier
idioma disponible en la región.

  * Se puede seleccionar a un objetivo o a un objetivo enfocado en el
seguimiento del minimapa (no incluye a jugadores enemigos).

  * Ahora los vendedores muestran los tipos de moneda que usan.

**[Apartado técnico][145]**

  * Ahora el Programa de inicio de Blizzard utiliza Plug and Play universal
para la configuración de puertos. Si tu enrutador es compatible con un
dispositivo UPnP, abrirá automáticamente los puertos que necesite y tus
descargas no estarán restringidas.

**Parche 4.2. de World of Warcraft**

Las notas de todos los parches de World of Warcraft se pueden encontrar
[aquí][120].

**[Vínculos elementales][146]**

Lo que en principio debía ser un acontecimiento feliz en el antiguo Árbol del
Mundo, Nordrassil, ha terminado en tragedia. Allí, los miembros del Círculo
Cenarion y del Anillo de la Tierra, incluido el antiguo Jefe de Guerra Thrall,
se habían reunido con los nobles dragones Aspectos para unificar sus poderes y
restaurar Nordrassil por el bien de Azeroth. Sin embargo, ha corrido la voz de
que un misterioso agente del Martillo Crepuscular interrumpió la ceremonia y
venció a Thrall con magia oscura... diseminando su espíritu por los cuatro
dominios del plano elemental. Si esos terribles rumores resultan ser ciertos,
el Anillo de la Tierra, y de hecho todo Azeroth, ha perdido a uno de sus
mejores campeones.

**[El Brote y el Frente de Magma][147]**

A pesar de que los elfos de la noche y sus aliados rechazaron la primera
invasión de Hyjal de Ragnaros, su trabajo en el monte sagrado aún no ha
terminado. El archidruida Malfurion Tempestira ha reunido a sus camaradas en
el Santuario de Malorne, dentro de El Brote, recién sanado, para invadir los
dominios de Ragnaros: las Tierras de Fuego. Una vez en el plano elemental, los
defensores de Hyjal esperan establecer un baluarte permanente. Pero estos
planes se están viendo amenazados por un nuevo y feroz ataque elemental que ha
arrasado El Brote. A pesar de este contratiempo, los protectores de Hyjal
siguen adelante con su misión, pues saben que será en el corazón de magma de
las Tierras de Fuego donde se decidirá el destino del Monte Hyjal.

**[Las Tierras de Fuego][148]**

Se acerca el momento de atacar a Ragnaros. Ahora la batalla para proteger el
Monte Hyjal se libra en las profundidades del ardiente reino de Ragnaros. A
medida que los defensores de Azeroth ganan terreno y se aproximan a los
sagrarios interiores de las Tierras de Fuego, les espera una tarea monumental.
La guarida de Ragnaros, la Fortaleza de Sulfuron, la protegen sus servidores
más leales, incluidos los traidores druidas de la Llama y su misterioso líder.
Aun así, los valientes héroes que se han aventurado en este reino de cenizas
no pueden permitir que ningún peligro los espante. El resultado de las
batallas que están por venir determinará la supervivencia de Azeroth.

**[Dragonira, el Reposo de Tarecgosa][149]**

La incertidumbre reina en el dominio del Vuelo Azul, El Nexo, mientras sus
miembros discuten por elegir a un nuevo líder. Dividido entre los dos
sucesores más probables, Kalecgos y Arygos, el Vuelo ha acordado reunirse
durante un acontecimiento celestial poco común, conocido como el Abrazo, con
la esperanza de elegir un nuevo Aspecto. Sin embargo, el dragón de bronce
Anachronos ha detectado que algo siniestro actúa alrededor de El Nexo. Algo
que amenaza con comprometer la ceremonia. Si no se alza un héroe para
investigar estas fuerzas oscuras y descubrir sus intenciones, Anachronos cree
que la condenación de Azeroth es inminente.

**_Índice_**

_Haz clic en un enlace para saltar directamente a la sección correspondiente
de las notas de parche._

  * [General][6]

  * [Logros][7]

  * [Clases: General][8]

    * [![][65]][10] [Caballeros de la Muerte][10], [![][66]][12]
[Druidas][12], [![][67]][14] [Cazadores][14], [![][68]][16] [Magos][16],
[![][69]][18] [Paladines][18],

    * [![][70]][20] [Sacerdotes][20], [![][71]][22] [Pícaros][22],
[![][72]][24] [Chamanes][24], [![][73]][26] [Brujos][26], [![][74]][28]
[Guerreros][28]

  * [Moneda][29]

  * [Mazmorras y bandas][30]

  * [Hermandades][31]

  * [Objetos][32]

  * [Profesiones][33]

  * [JcJ][34]

  * [Misiones y criaturas][35]

  * [Razas][36]

  * [Interfaz de usuario][37]

  * [Apartado técnico][38]

**General**

  * Nuevas misiones diarias: El Brote y el Frente de Magma

    * ¡Ya está disponible un gran surtido de nuevas misiones diarias y
recompensas en Hyjal, donde los jugadores pueden ayudar a los Guardianes de
Hyjal a hacer retroceder a los aliados de Ragnaros y a establecer una base de
operaciones en las Tierras de Fuego! Para poder obtener las misiones diarias
de El Brote y el Frente de Magma, los jugadores deben haber completado todas
las misiones del Monte Hyjal hasta El milagro de Aessina, incluida esta. En
cuanto hayan completado esta misión, los jugadores deben hablar con Matogarra
en el Santuario de Malorne para unirse a las fuerzas de El Brote.

  * Nueva cadena de misiones: Vínculos elementales

    * Ya está disponible una nueva línea de misiones para personajes de nivel
85 de la Horda y de la Alianza para que los valientes aventureros ayuden a
Thrall. La llamada del chamán del mundo, la misión que guiará a los jugadores
hacia Thrall y el concilio de Nordrassil, se puede obtener en los Santuarios
de la Tierra de Ventormenta u Orgrimmar.

  * Nueva banda: las Tierras de Fuego

    * Situada en el plano elemental, ¡las Tierras de Fuego es una nueva banda
de 10 y 25 jugadores con dificultad normal y heroica! Ahora los veteranos de
la Horda y de la Alianza, forjados en la batalla, tendrán la oportunidad de
arremeter contra el señor del fuego Ragnaros y sus leales servidores al
aventurarse en sus dominios a través de la Aguja de Sulfuron en el Monte
Hyjal.

  * Nuevo objeto legendario: Dragonira, el Reposo de Tarecgosa

    * Los asaltantes más acérrimos tienen la oportunidad de embarcarse en una
serie de misiones para crear un nuevo bastón legendario. Para comenzar el
proceso de ensamblaje del bastón, los jugadores deben matar primero a un señor
de magma en las Tierras de Fuego. Después de matar al señor de magma, los
jugadores podrán aceptar la misión Un compromiso legendario de Ziradormi en el
Fuerte Grommash, en Orgrimmar, o de Coridormi en lo alto del Sagrario del
Mago, en Ventormenta. La línea de misiones del objeto legendario solo está
disponible para druidas, magos, sacerdotes, chamanes y brujos.

  * Nueva característica de la interfaz de usuario: Guía de mazmorras

    * Ahora, una gran cantidad de información sobre mazmorras forma parte de
la interfaz de usuario gracias a la nueva guía de mazmorras. Se puede acceder
a esta característica mediante un nuevo botón de la barra de navegación desde
cualquier lugar del mundo. En la guía de mazmorras se podrá ver la historia
del jefe, los detalles del encuentro, las facultades y el botín de todos los
jefes que se hayan integrado en el nuevo sistema (esto incluye a los jefes de
todas las mazmorras y bandas de Cataclysm). Se planea incorporar más mazmorras
en futuras actualizaciones.

**[Logros][150]**

  * Por los pelos (nuevo logro): salva a todos los prisioneros antes de que
los sacrifiquen en Zul'Aman en dificultad heroica.

**[Clases: General][151]**

  * Ahora todas las sanaciones críticas sanan 2 veces lo que una sanación
normal (+100%), en vez de 1,5 (+50%).

  * Los jugadores vuelven a poder bailar en combate (sin provocar errores
gráficos). Otras animaciones, como los ataques, tendrán prioridad sobre
bailar. La animación de bailar se suprimirá hasta que la animación de mayor
prioridad se complete. Vuelve la diversión desenfrenada.

  * Beneficios

    * Las facultades de clase que otorgan un beneficio a los objetivos
amistosos ya no generan amenaza. Esto se aplica tanto a beneficios de banda
como Marca de lo Salvaje y Palabra de poder: entereza, así como a efectos
activados como Temple bendito y Dedos de Escarcha y los beneficios de un solo
objetivo como Propósito oscuro e Histeria. Las excepciones son los beneficios
que sanan o infligen daño directamente como Espinas o Renovar. Este tipo de
facultades siguen generando amenaza normal.

  * Control de masas

    * Muchas facultades de control de masas ya no hacen que las criaturas
ataquen a los jugadores cuando se lanzan. La criatura no atacará al jugador
cuando el control de masas deje de tener efecto y las criaturas cercanas
tampoco se volverán hostiles con él. Sin embargo, si un jugador visible se
acerca demasiado a la criatura objetivo, la criatura lo recordará y atacará al
jugador cuando el control de masas deje de tener efecto. La idea es ponérselo
más fácil a los grupos de mazmorra para gestionar el control de masas y la
atracción de grupos de PNJ hostiles. Las facultades afectadas por este cambio
son: Hibernar, Raíces enredadoras, Picadura de dracoleón (seguirá causando
hostilidad cuando empiece a infligir daño), Trampa congelante, Polimorfia,
Arrepentimiento, Encadenar no-muerto, Ceguera, Maleficio, Atar elemental,
Desterrar y Seducción.

  * Mascotas

    * Se ha eliminado la actitud agresiva de la mascota y se ha remplazado con
la actitud de ayuda. Esta actitud hará que la mascota del jugador ataque al
objetivo del jugador. La mascota no cambiará de objetivo a menos que su dueño
ataque a otro objetivo durante unos segundos.

    * Ahora la actitud defensiva de la mascota solo provocará que la mascota
del jugador ataque a enemigos que ataquen a la mascota o a su dueño.

  * Interrupciones de hechizos

    * Ahora los jugadores podrán lanzar hechizos de dos escuelas como Púa
mental (de las escuelas de Escarcha y de las Sombras) o Descarga de Pirofrío
(de las escuelas de Escarcha y de Fuego) cuando se les interrumpa al lanzar un
hechizo de una única escuela como Tortura mental o Descarga de Escarcha. Sin
embargo, ser interrumpido mientras se lanza un hechizo de dos escuelas sigue
interrumpiendo todas las escuelas respectivas como se pretendía.

  * Estadísticas

    * La agilidad ya no aporta ningún bonus a la probabilidad de esquivar de
los caballeros de la Muerte, los paladines y los guerreros. Ahora su
probabilidad de esquivar de base se ha fijado en un 5%.

    * Ahora los caballeros de la Muerte, los paladines y los guerreros reciben
un 27% de sus bonus de fuerza como índice de parada, en vez de un 25%. Esta
conversión se sigue aplicando únicamente a la fuerza que esté por encima de la
fuerza de base.

  * Corrección de errores de clases generales

    * Los jugadores ya no deberían recibir por error un mensaje diciendo que
han interrumpido el lanzamiento de un hechizo cuando no lo han hecho.

    * Las barras de acción ya no desaparecerán brevemente cuando los
personajes que tengan una barra de actitud entren en un vehículo.

**[![][65]][152] [Caballeros de la Muerte][152]**

  * El daño de base de Asolar se ha reducido a un 150% del daño con arma, en
vez de un 160%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Escarcha

      * Ahora Frío hambriento tiene un tiempo de lanzamiento de 1,5 s.

      * Ahora Poder de los Páramos Congelados aumenta el daño con arma de dos
manos un 3/7/10%, en vez de un 4/8/12%.

    * Profano

      * Ahora Poderío profano aumenta la fuerza un 20%, en vez de un 5%.

  * Glifos

    * Se ha rediseñado Glifo de Socorro oscuro. En vez de establecer un límite
mínimo de un 15% de la salud máxima a la sanación de Golpe letal mientras se
está en Presencia de Escarcha o Presencia profana, provoca que el siguiente
Golpe letal en los 15 s después de matar a un enemigo que otorgue experiencia
o puntos de honor sane al menos un 20% de la salud máxima del caballero de la
Muerte (sigue requiriendo Presencia de Escarcha o Presencia profana).

  * Corrección de errores para caballeros de la Muerte

    * Ahora el talento Máquina de matar puede activarse correctamente con los
ataques que se realicen con ambas manos.

**[![][66]][153] [Druidas][153]**

  * Ahora los druidas obtienen 1 p. de poder de ataque por punto de fuerza, en
vez de 2. Seguirán obteniendo 2 p. de poder de ataque por punto de agilidad en
forma felina o de oso. Además, el aumento de escala de las mejoras del
equipamiento bajo forma felina era más lento que para otras clases, lo que
hacía que infligiesen menos daño con objetos de rango superior. Para
contrarrestar el cambio de fuerza y mejorar la escala, se han realizado los
siguientes cambios. Todas las cifras citadas son para personajes de nivel 85.

    * Se ha aumentado un 15% el daño de Mordedura feroz. Además, su coste base
se ha reducido a 25 p. de energía y puede usar hasta 25 p. de energía para
aumentar el daño hasta un 100%.

    * A partir del nivel 80, el daño de Destrozar (felino) se ha aumentado a
un 540% del daño con arma, en vez de un 460%, y el bonus de daño se ha
reducido a 302 p.

    * Ahora el daño inicial de Arañazo inflige el mismo daño al golpear que
cada pulso periódico (y se utiliza así en todos los cálculos de combate).
Ahora el daño periódico obtiene un 14,7% de poder de ataque por pulso, en vez
de un 12,6%, y el daño de base por pulso se ha reducido de 557 p. a 56. Hay un
error conocido en la descripción de Arañazo debido a este cambio, pero se
corregirá en un futuro parche.

    * El daño de Devastar a partir del nivel 80 se ha aumentado a un 950% del
daño con arma, en vez de un 850%, y el bonus de daño se ha reducido a 532 p.

    * Ahora Rugido salvaje otorga un 80% de daño aumentado a los ataques
automáticos cuerpo a cuerpo, en vez de un 50%. El Glifo de Rugido salvaje
sigue siendo un bonus de un 5% de ese total.

    * El daño de Triturar a partir del nivel 80 se ha aumentado a un 540% del
daño con arma, en vez de un 450%, y el bonus de daño se ha reducido a 302 p.

  * Raíces enredadoras y el hechizo equivalente activado por Trabazón con la
Naturaleza ya no infligen daño.

  * Ahora Estimular otorga a un objetivo aliado un 5% de su maná máximo
durante 10 s, pero seguirá otorgando un 20% del maná máximo del druida durante
10 s al autolanzarse.

  * Ahora el beneficio de lanzamiento libre de Augurio de claridad dura 15 s,
en vez de 8.

  * Se ha aumentado aproximadamente un 23% el daño de Fuego estelar.

  * Ahora, a partir del nivel 80, Flagelo (felino) inflige un 600% del daño
con arma, en vez de un 670%.

  * Se ha aumentado aproximadamente un 23% el daño de Cólera.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Equilibrio

      * La duración de Tierra y Luna se ha aumentado a 15 s, en vez de 12.

      * Se ha actualizado el efecto visual del hechizo Crecimiento fúngico
para que sea menos intrusivo visualmente y más estético.

      * Se ha rediseñado Lluvia lunar. Al lanzar Fuego lunar, el druida
obtiene Lluvia lunar. Lluvia lunar aumenta el daño directo infligido por Fuego
lunar un 15/30/45% y reduce el coste de maná un 10/20/30%. Este efecto se
acumula hasta 3 veces y dura 3 s. Mientras se esté bajo los efectos de Lluvia
lunar, Fuego lunar genera 8 p. de energía solar y Fuego Solar genera 8 p. de
energía lunar. La cantidad de energía lunar o solar ganada no cambia en base a
la cantidad de puntos gastados en el talento o las veces que se haya acumulado
Lluvia lunar. Ahora aquellos druidas que quieran retrasar la transición dentro
o fuera de un estado de Eclipse deberían lanzar aquel de sus dos ataques
básicos que no mueva la barra de Eclipse (ya sea Fuego estelar o Cólera).

      * Rayo solar tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

      * Ahora Detonación de champiñón salvaje también puede activar Tierra y
Luna, además de Fuego estelar y Cólera.

    * Feral

      * Las facultades de daño del oso estaban subiendo demasiado rápido al
aumentar el nivel del equipamiento en comparación con otros tanques, así que
se han hecho los siguientes cambios para equilibrarlas. Todas las cifras
citadas son para personajes de nivel 85; las cifras serán más bajas para
personajes de nivel inferior.

        * El daño de base de Fuego feérico (Feral) se ha aumentado a 2950 p.,
en vez de 679 p. La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 10,8%, en
vez de un 15%.

        * El daño de base de Magullar se ha aumentado a 35 p., en vez de 8 p.
La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 19%, en vez de un 26,4%.

        * El porcentaje de daño con arma de Pulverizar se ha reducido a un
60%, en vez de un 80%. El daño por aplicaciones de Lacerar se ha aumentado a
1623 p., en vez de 361 p.

        * El porcentaje de daño con arma de Destrozar (oso) se ha reducido a
un 190%, en vez de un 260%. El daño de bonus se ha aumentado a 3306 p., en vez
de 754 p.

        * El daño de base de Flagelo se ha aumentado a 929 p., en vez de 215
p. La escala del poder de ataque se ha reducido a un 12,3%, en vez de un
17,1%.

        * El daño de base inicial de Vapulear se ha aumentado a 1042 p., en
vez de 339 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño inicial se ha reducido a
un 9,82%, en vez de un 19,2%. El daño de base periódico se ha aumentado a 581
p., en vez de 189 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño periódico se ha
reducido a un 1,67%, en vez de un 3,26%. Además, se ha corregido un error por
el que la armadura reducía el daño periódico que inflige esta facultad.

        * El daño de base inicial de Lacerar se ha aumentado a 3608 p., en vez
de 2089 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño inicial se ha reducido a un
5,52%, en vez de un 7,66%. El daño de base periódico se ha aumentado a 69 p.,
en vez de 16 p. La escala del poder de ataque del daño periódico se ha
reducido a un 0,369%, en vez de un 0,512%.

      * La reducción de daño de Reacción natural se ha aumentado a un 9/18%,
en vez de un 6/12%.

    * Restauración

      * Se ha eliminado Simbiosis (maestría) y se ha remplazado con Armonía.
Armonía aumenta la sanación directa un 10% extra y lanzar hechizos de sanación
directa otorga un bonus de un 10% extra a la sanación periódica durante 10 s.
Cada punto de maestría aumenta cada bonus un 1,25% extra. Toque de sanación,
Nutrir, Alivio presto y la sanación inicial de Recrecimiento se consideran
hechizos de sanación directa para los propósitos de esta maestría. Todas las
demás sanaciones de hechizos de druida se consideran periódicas.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora el aumento de la duración de Glifo de Rabia es de 10 s, en vez de
5.

    * Se ha rediseñado Glifo de Mordedura feroz. Ahora hace que Mordedura
feroz sane al taumaturgo un 1% de la salud máxima por cada 10 p. de energía
usados.

    * Ahora glifo de Estimular hace que el druida obtenga un 10% de su maná
máximo durante 10 s cuando se usa Estimular en un objetivo amistoso, además
del efecto de base de Estimular.

  * Bonus de conjunto

    * Ahora el bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 4 piezas de rango 11 de druida
Equilibrio, Alineación astral, otorga una probabilidad total de daño crítico
de un 15% con 3 cargas y disminuye un 5% por carga, en vez de un total de un
99% y disminuir un 33% por carga. Este cambio se ha hecho porque el bonus de
conjunto resultó ser tan valioso que no era posible mejorarlo hasta el nivel
12. Para compensar, se han hecho cambios a Fuego estelar y Cólera (listados al
principio de la sección de la clase druida).

    * El bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 2 piezas de rango 11 de druida
Restauración se ha rediseñado para funcionar con la nueva maestría del druida
Restauración. Ahora los druidas con este bonus reciben el bonus de espíritu
mientras el bonus de maestría a la sanación periódica de Armonía esté activo.

  * Corrección de errores para druidas

    * En algunos encuentros ya no es posible usar Carga feral al estar más
cerca que lo que permite su alcance mínimo.

**[![][67]][154] [Cazadores][154]**

  * Se ha reducido el daño de Multidisparo. Ahora inflige un 120% del daño con
arma a partir del nivel 80, en vez de un 137%.

  * Ahora las trampas aumentan junto con las estadísticas del cazador como
golpe, pericia, penetración de hechizos y poder de ataque como se pretendía.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Puntería

      * Ahora Afinar puntería otorga una probabilidad extra de golpe crítico
contra objetivos con más de un 90% de salud, en vez de un 80%.

    * Supervivencia

      * El daño infligido por Flecha negra se ha aumentado aproximadamente un
40%.

  * Mascotas

    * Se han añadido 10 nuevas bestias domesticables poco comunes, y cada una
proporciona un reto de domesticación único. ¿Serás tú el primer cazador que
domestique a Deth'tilac, la menos común y más poderosa de todas ellas? Los
jugadores tendrán que avanzar a través de las zonas de misiones diarias de El
Brote de Hyjal y del Frente de Magma para desbloquear el acceso a toda la gama
de retos de domesticación.

    * Se ha rediseñado Intervenir (tenacidad de la mascota). La mascota corre
a gran velocidad hacia un miembro del grupo, lo que reduce el daño que recibe
en el siguiente ataque cuerpo a cuerpo o a distancia a un 50% de la salud
total de la mascota.

**[![][68]][155] [Magos][155]**

  * El daño de Explosión Arcana se ha reducido un 5%.

  * Lanzar Piroexplosión cuando Buena racha no estaba activo infligía
ligeramente menos daño que la versión de Buena racha. Su daño se ha aumentado
para que ahora ambas versiones de Piroexplosión inflijan la misma cantidad de
daño.

  * El coste de maná de Robar hechizo se ha aumentado un 100%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Fuego

      * Cuando Impacto esparce Bomba viva, solo se esparcirá a dos objetivos
adicionales. El efecto neto es que si el objetivo más reciente de Bomba viva
del mago es el mismo que su objetivo de Impacto, ese objetivo ya no perderá el
efecto de Bomba viva. Si Bomba viva está activo en varios objetivos cuando se
lanza el efecto de Impacto, Bomba viva seguirá estando activo en el objetivo
más reciente de Bomba viva, y se le añadirá a otros dos objetivos cercanos.

    * Escarcha

      * Congelación profunda y Anillo de Escarcha se causarán rendimiento
decreciente mutuamente, además de los hechizos con los que comparten
rendimientos decrecientes normalmente.

**[![][69]][156] [Paladines][156]**

  * El coste de maná de Luz divina se ha aumentado un 35% del maná base, en
vez de un 30%.

  * El coste de maná de Destello de Luz se ha aumentado un 31% del maná base,
en vez de un 27%.

  * Ahora Guardián de los antiguos reyes usa la funcionalidad de la nueva
actitud "Ayudar" de la mascota.

  * El coste de maná de Luz Sagrada se ha aumentado un 12% del maná base, en
vez de un 10%.

  * Reprimenda, Escudo divino y Protección divina tienen iconos nuevos.

  * Ahora Sello de Rectitud se puede activar con cualquier facultad cuerpo a
cuerpo, no solo con las facultades cuerpo a cuerpo de un solo objetivo. Esto
añade Martillo del honrado (el componente físico) y Tormenta divina a la lista
de facultades que pueden activar este sello. Además, ahora los procs de Sello
de Rectitud pueden tener efectos críticos.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Sagrado

      * Señal de la Luz ya no se puede disipar. Además, ahora transfiere un
100% de la sanación de Luz Sagrada, pero sigue transfiriendo un 50% de la
sanación de otros hechizos.

      * Se ha rediseñado Acusar. Sigue reduciendo el coste de maná de
Exorcismo. Sin embargo, ya no tiene una probabilidad de que Choque Sagrado
haga que Exorcismo sea gratuito e instantáneo. En su lugar, tiene una
probabilidad de un 50/100% de evitar que el objetivo de Exorcismo cause
efectos críticos durante los 6 s siguientes. Este efecto se puede disipar.

      * El coste de maná de Choque Sagrado se ha reducido a un 7% del maná
base, en vez de un 8%.

      * Se ha ajustado ligeramente Sanación iluminada (maestría) para que si
un paladín reinicia en un objetivo una copia existente de su propia Sanación
iluminada, la nueva cantidad de absorción se añada a la vieja y se restaure la
duración. La absorción total creada no podrá superar un tercio de la salud del
paladín que la lanza.

      * Ahora Infusión de Luz puede reducir el tiempo de lanzamiento de
Destello de Luz 0,75/1,5 s, además del de Luz Sagrada y Luz divina. Además, el
antiguo efecto del hechizo Acusar se ha transferido a Infusión de Luz ya que
Acusar ya no es un proc.

      * Ahora Velocidad de la Luz aumenta la velocidad de movimiento cuando se
lanza Radiancia Sagrada o Protección divina. Además, ahora este talento reduce
el tiempo de reutilización de Radiancia Sagrada 13/26/40 s, en vez de
10/20/30.

      * Ahora Camino de la Luz mejora la sanación de Palabra de gloria un 30%,
además de sus efectos actuales.

    * Protección

      * Defensor candente tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

      * Custodiado por la Luz ya no interactúa con Escudo Sagrado de ninguna
manera.

      * Se ha reducido un 10% el coste de maná de Martillo del honrado, en vez
de un 12%, para que se ajuste a Golpe de cruzado.

      * Se ha rediseñado Escudo Sagrado. Ahora este talento es una facultad
activada independiente del tiempo de reutilización global. Otorga una cantidad
de bloqueo aumentado de un 20% a los bloqueos con escudo del paladín durante
10 s, con un tiempo de reutilización de 30 s.

      * Ahora Sentencias del sabio hace proc al lanzarlo en vez de al golpear,
lo que significa que las sentencias que fallan aún pueden otorgar maná. Esto
es para garantizar que los paladines Protección no se quedan sin maná si no
alcanzan el límite de índice de golpe.

    * Reprensión

      * Ahora Inquisición de fe aumenta la duración de Inquisición un
66/133/200%, en vez de un 50/100/150%.

      * Ahora el talento Sellos de mando hace que Sello de Rectitud golpee a
un número ilimitado de objetivos cuerpo a cuerpo, en vez de solo a 2 objetivos
adicionales.

      * Sanación desinteresada ya no se puede disipar y no se puede robar con
Robar hechizo; y, además de sus efectos actuales, reduce el tiempo de
reutilización de Palabra de gloria 5/10 s.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora el bonus de pericia de Glifo de Sello de Verdad también funciona
cuando Sello de Rectitud está activo.

**[![][70]][157] [Sacerdotes][157]**

  * El daño de Peste devoradora se ha reducido un 12%.

  * El daño de Explosión mental se ha aumentado un 12%.

  * Maligno de las Sombras usa la funcionalidad de la nueva actitud "Ayudar"
de la mascota.

  * El daño de Palabra de las Sombras: muerte se ha aumentado un 12%.

  * El daño de Palabra de las Sombras: dolor se ha reducido un 12%.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Sombra

      * El daño de Tortura mental se ha aumentado un 12%.

      * Horror psíquico ya no requiere estar frente al objetivo, lo que lo
hace consistente con otros hechizos de control de masas que no están basados
en proyectiles.

      * El efecto de miedo que proporciona Pecado y castigo al disipar Toque
Vampírico, ya no tiene rendimiento decreciente.

      * El daño de Toque vampírico se ha reducido un 12%.

  * Corrección de errores para sacerdotes

    * Los jugadores ya no cancelarán antes de tiempo un hechizo canalizado al
hacer clic en Pozo de Luz.

**[![][71]][158] [Pícaros][158]**

  * Ahora el tiempo de reutilización de Capa de las Sombras es de 2 minutos,
en vez de 90 s. Además, Capa de las Sombras ya no depende del tiempo de
reutilización global.

  * Ahora Disposición al combate y Capa de las Sombras comparten tiempo de
reutilización.

  * Ahora la duración de Ceguera contra PNJ enemigos es de 1 minuto, mientras
que la duración contra jugadores es de 8 s.

  * Ahora Sigilo vuelve a iniciar su tiempo de reutilización una vez que el
pícaro deja de estar en modo Sigilo.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Asesinato

      * El bonus de daño de Resolución del asesino se ha aumentado a un 20%,
en vez de un 15%.

      * Ahora Venenos inmundos aumenta el daño de veneno un 12/24/36%, en vez
de un 7/14/20%.

    * Combate

      * Ahora Combate salvaje aumenta el poder de ataque un 3/6%, en vez de un
2/4%.

      * Ahora Vitalidad aumenta el poder de ataque un 30%, en vez de un 25%.

    * Sutileza

      * Ahora Elusión reduce el tiempo de reutilización de Capa de las Sombras
15/30 s, en vez de 10/20 s, y ahora también reduce el tiempo de reutilización
de Disposición al combate 15/30 s.

      * El daño de base de Hemorragia se ha aumentado un 40%.

      * El daño de Vena sangrienta a objetivos sangrantes se ha aumentado a un
8/16%, en vez de un 5/10%.

**[![][72]][159] [Chamanes][159]**

  * El daño de Nova de Fuego se ha aumentado un 15%.

  * Escudo de relámpagos y Escudo de agua ya no se pueden disipar.

  * Ahora Desatar elementos está en la escuela de Naturaleza y de este modo ya
no se puede usar si se ha bloqueado la escuela de Naturaleza de un chamán.

  * Ahora Desatar viento inflige un 175% del daño con arma, en vez de un 125%.

  * El tiempo de reutilización interno de Escudo de agua se ha reducido a 3,5
s para que se ajuste a otros escudos. Se ha reducido un 50% la cantidad de
maná restaurada cuando Escudo de agua hace proc.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Elemental

      * Ahora Llamada de las llamas también provoca que Nova de Fuego añada
3/6 s a la duración de las auras de Choque de llamas en los objetivos
afectados por Nova de Fuego.

      * Ahora Flujos de lava otorga un 30/60/90% de beneficio de celeridad
cuando se disipa el efecto de Choque de llamas, en vez de un 10/20/30%.

      * Ahora Tormenta de truenos reduce un 40% la velocidad de movimiento de
los jugadores a los que repele durante 5 s.

    * Mejora

      * Ahora Golpe de tormenta inflige un 225% del daño con arma, en vez de
un 125%.

    * Restauración

      * Se ha rediseñado Escudo de agua mejorado y renombrado como
Resurgimiento. Cuando Escudo de agua está activo, Resurgimiento hace que las
sanaciones críticas directas restauren maná (Resurgimiento de rango 2 es
prácticamente igual a un 150% del valor del antiguo Escudo de agua mejorado
cuando una Ola de sanación o una Ola de sanación superior realizan una
sanación crítica y se ha rebajado de acuerdo con esto para los hechizos más
rápidos o con varios objetivos).

      * Ahora Marea de maná otorga un 200% del espíritu del taumaturgo, en vez
de un 400%.

  * Glifos

    * Glifo de Relámpago desatado (nuevo glifo primordial) permite lanzar
Descarga de relámpagos en movimiento.

  * Bonus de conjunto

    * Se ha rediseñado el bonus de conjunto de JcJ de 4 piezas de chamán
Elemental (conjunto puño de trueno de Gladiador). Ahora, cuando se activa al
recibir daño, hace que Escudo de relámpagos genere una carga extra en vez de
consumirla, hasta un máximo de 3 (9 con el talento Trueno ensordecedor).

**[![][73]][160] [Brujos][160]**

  * Ahora Fuego de alma está disponible en el nivel 20, en vez de en el nivel
54.

  * Cosecha de almas tiene un nuevo efecto de hechizo.

  * Glifos

    * Ahora Glifo de Trueque de alma aplica un tiempo de reutilización de 30 s
a Trueque de alma, en vez de 15 s.

  * Corrección de errores para brujos

    * Ya no se puede abandonar el combate mientras se está canalizando Drenar
alma.

**[![][74]][161] [Guerreros][161]**

  * Ahora Abrumar tiene un tiempo de reutilización normal y global de 1,5 s
(el tiempo de reutilización de Abrumar de Gusto por la sangre no ha cambiado).

  * Temeridad y Calma mortal ya no se pueden usar al mismo tiempo. No se puede
usar una si la otra está activa, pero usar una no hace que la otra entre en su
tiempo de reutilización total.

  * Represalias, Temeridad y Muro de escudo ya no tienen requisitos de
actitud.

  * Especialización de talentos

    * Armas

      * El aumento del daño con arma de la Especialización en armas de dos
manos se ha reducido a un 12%, en vez de un 20%.

    * Furia

      * El aumento del daño con arma de la Especialización en doble empuñadura
se ha reducido a un 5%, en vez de un 10%.

  * Corrección de errores para guerreros

    * En algunos encuentros ya no es posible usar Cargar al estar más cerca
que lo que permite su alcance mínimo.

**Moneda**

  * Puntos de honor y de conquista

    * Todos los puntos de conquista existentes en la pestaña Monedas se han
convertido en puntos de honor. Todos los puntos de honor que superen el límite
deberán gastarse en la semana siguiente antes de que empiece la temporada 10.
En cuanto empiece la temporada 10, todos los puntos de honor que superen el
límite de 4000 p. se convertirán en oro, a un índice de 35 de plata por punto,
y se enviarán a los personajes por correo.

    * Ahora el mínimo de puntos de conquista que se gana en arenas por semana
es de 1350 p. con un índice de arena de 1500 p. o menos. Ahora el máximo es
2700 p. con un índice de arena de 3000 p. o más. El límite sigue aumentando de
forma no lineal entre esos dos puntos. Para comparar, durante la temporada 9
el límite oscilaba entre 1343 y 3000 p.

    * Ahora el juego registra por separado los límites de puntos de conquista
para campos de batalla y arenas. Los índices de campo de batalla reciben un
bonus de un 22,2% que se aplica al límite que generan, es decir, el límite
para el índice de campo de batalla ahora oscila entre 1650 y 3300 p. Los
jugadores podrán ganar un número total de puntos de conquista por semana igual
al mayor de estos dos límites, pero una vez que los jugadores hayan alcanzado
el límite de arenas o de campos de batalla, ya no podrán ganar puntos de
conquista de esa fuente. Los puntos de conquista las fiestas de campos de
batalla solo contarán para el límite total de puntos de conquista.

      * Ejemplo: La primera semana de la temporada 10 todos empiezan con un
índice inferior a 1500 p. Por tanto, el límite de los campos de batalla
puntuados será de 1650 p. y el límite para el índice de arena será de 1350 p.
La primera semana, el personaje gana suficientes encuentros de arenas para
alcanzar el límite de 1350 p. Después, las victorias en arenas ya no otorgarán
puntos de conquista durante esa semana. Sin embargo, el personaje aún puede
conseguir hasta 300 p. extra, pero solo en campos de batalla puntuados o con
los bonus de puntos de conquista por ir a campos de batalla aleatorios diarios
o de fiestas. La siguiente semana, el límite se volverá a calcular según los
índices del personaje y puede que el índice de arena ya genere su mayor
límite. La segunda semana, el límite del índice de arena del personaje es de
1800 p. y el límite de los campos de batalla puntuados es de 1650 p. El
personaje cuenta con un límite total de 1800 p. de conquista para la semana.
Se pueden ganar hasta 1650 p. en campos de batalla puntuados, pero los últimos
150 p. se deben conseguir de otra forma.

  * Puntos de valor y de justicia

    * Todos los puntos de valor existentes en la pestaña Monedas se han
convertido en puntos de justicia. Todos los puntos de justicia que superen el
límite se convertirán en oro, a un índice de 47 de plata por punto, y se
enviarán a los jugadores por correo.

    * Ahora la cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se puede ganar en una
semana en cualquiera de las mazmorras y bandas aplicables es 980 p., en vez de
1250 p.

      * La cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se otorgan por completar las
mazmorras de La Rebelión de los Zandalari sigue siendo 980 p.

      * La cantidad máxima de puntos de valor que se otorgan por completar
mazmorras heroicas sigue siendo 490 p.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a un jefe en
las Tierras de Fuego es 120 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 140 p. en modo de 25
jugadores.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a Occu'thar en
el Bastión de Baradin es 120 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 140 p. en modo de 25
jugadores.

      * La cantidad de puntos de valor que se otorgan por matar a un jefe en
dificultad heroica en El Bastión del Crepúsculo, el Descenso de Alanegra y el
Trono de los Cuatro Vientos es 35 p. en modo de 10 jugadores y 45 p. en modo
de 25 jugadores.

**[Mazmorras y bandas][162]**

  * Se han añadido perfiles de banda que permitirán a los jugadores guardar la
distribución de la interfaz de usuario de la ventana de banda según el tipo de
contenido (por ejemplo: bandas de 10 jugadores, bandas de 25 jugadores, campos
de batalla, etc.) para futuros usos.

    * Los jugadores pueden elegir JcE, JcJ, especialización y tamaño del
grupo. A partir de ese momento, cada tipo de perfil de banda se establecerá
automáticamente.

    * Esta característica también está disponible para el contenido de 5
jugadores cuando esté seleccionado Usar marcos de grupo estilo banda en las
Opciones de interfaz.

    * Los perfiles de banda pueden enumerar grupos en horizontal y en
vertical.

  * Se ha añadido un botón de banda a la barra de navegación que llevará a los
jugadores directamente a la ventana de banda del panel Social.

  * Bastión de Baradin

    * Occu'thar se ha liberado de su prisión y es un jefe que representa un
nuevo desafío para los jugadores en modos de 10 y 25 jugadores que controlen
Tol Barad.

  * El Bastión del Crepúsculo

    * Se ha reducido el modificador de daño en dificultad normal para Arion,
la monstruosidad de elementium, Feludius, Ignacious y Terrastra.

    * Se ha eliminado un elemental vinculado de cada tipo en la cámara del
Consejo de ascendientes.

    * Ahora la facultad Remolino de Escarcha de inundación esclava inflige un
50% menos de daño.

    * Arion

      * Se ha reducido el daño y la distancia de encadenamiento de Cadena de
relámpagos.

    * Cho'gall

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, la salud del
partidario en corrupción, el daño de Depravación, el daño de Colisión en
corrupción, el daño de Destrucción flameante y el daño de Sombras desatadas.

      * Colisión en corrupción y Depravación

    * Se ha reducido la cantidad de Corrupción que infligen a 5 p., en vez de
10 p.

    * Se ha reducido el efecto de Mordedura corrupta provocado por Sangre del
dios antiguo.

    * El daño recibido de Corrupción del dios antiguo por Sangre corrupta se
ha reducido de un 3% por acumulación a un 2% por acumulación.

    * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Haz debilitador.

    * Se ha reducido un 25% la duración de Devoción retorcida.

    * Dragones hermanos

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Meteorito Crepuscular, Llamas devoradoras, el daño de Desmayo, el daño de
Crepúsculo inestable, el daño de Dimensión Crepuscular, el daño de Explosión
Crepuscular y el daño de Llamas portentosas.

    * Monstruosidad de elementium

      * Se ha reducido el daño de Inestabilidad eléctrica.

    * Feludius

      * Se ha reducido el daño recibido al ser Congelado mientras se está
Calado.

    * Halfus

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Bola de Fuego y de Tromba de bolas de Fuego, el daño de Rugido furioso, el
daño de Aliento agostador y el daño de Nova de las Sombras.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud del sucesor abisal, el dragón de
pizarra, el jinete de tormentas, el celador del Tiempo y la cría esmeralda
huérfana.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Nova de las Sombras.

    * Ignacious

      * Ahora Llamas crecientes aumenta el daño un 3% por acumulación, en vez
de un 5%.

    * Terrastra

      * Ahora Endurecer piel aumenta el daño físico infligido un 20%, en vez
de un 100%.

    * Descenso de Alanegra

    * Atramedes

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Modulación, el daño de Aliento de llama rugidora y el daño de Llamas
abrasadoras.

      * Modulación ya no provoca sonido en dificultad normal.

      * El sonido provocado por Impulso de sónar se ha reducido a 3 p., en vez
de 5 p.

    * Chimaeron

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y un 10% el daño cuerpo a cuerpo.

      * Ahora Chimaeron solo lanzará dos Babosas cáusticas por ciclo de 30 s.

    * Bastardo drakeadon

      * Lapso de tiempo ya no aturde

      * Ahora el silencio de Quemadura de Escarcha es de 3 s.

    * Reyes enanos

      * Torbellino ya no reduce la amenaza.

      * Ahora Sentencia de ejecución solo inflige daño.

      * Se ha reducido la absorción de Escudo de Luz.

    * Faucemagma

      * Se han reducido un 20% los puntos de daño y de impacto.

      * Se han disminuido los parásitos de lava.

      * Se ha reducido el daño de Vómito de lava, el daño de Flema de magma,
el daño de Colisión monumental y el daño de Vómito infeccioso.

      * Exprimido hasta morir ya no mata al instante y se ha reducido su daño.

      * Se ha reducido Infección parasitaria.

    * Maloriak

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño, el daño y la salud de
Aberración, el daño de Tormenta Arcana, el daño de Sujeto principal, el daño
de Congelación apresurada y de Trizar y el daño de Explosión agostadora.

      * Se ha reducido el beneficio del daño de acumulación de Aberración.

      * Los sujetos principales ya no se fijan y ya no son inmunes a los
efectos de Provocar.

    * Nefarian

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y el daño cuerpo a cuerpo.

      * Los guerreros osarios animados tardan 33 s en caer, en vez de 50.
Además, aparecen menos guerreros osarios animados.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Nova explosiva.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud del prototipo cromático.

      * Se ha reducido un 30% el daño de Electrocutar.

      * Se ha reducido un 75% el efecto del perjuicio de acumulación de Magma.

      * La frecuencia de lanzamiento de Llamarada de las Sombras de Nefarian
no puede ser superior a una vez cada 15 s.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud y el daño cuerpo a cuerpo de Onyxia.

      * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Tromba de Pirosombra.

      * Se ha reducido un 50% el daño de Latigazo de cola.

    * Sistema de Defensa de Omnitron

      * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño cuerpo a cuerpo, el daño de
Descarga eléctrica, el daño de Conductor de relámpagos, la salud de Bomba de
veneno, el daño de Medida de seguridad de incineración y el daño de
Aniquilador Arcano.

      * Se ha aumentado un 100% la cantidad de absorción de Barrera.

      * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de reutilización de Conversión de poder
(probabilidad de Poder transformado).

      * Se ha reducido un 40% el daño de Lanzallamas.

      * Se ha reducido un 50% el Choque estático causado por el daño de Escudo
inestable y de Bomba de veneno.

    * Minas de la Muerte

      * Ahora Vanessa VanCleef (dificultad heroica) tiene una voz muy dulce
para acompañar a sus diálogos.

    * Trono de los Cuatro Vientos

      * Al'Akir

        * Ahora Lluvia ácida se acumula cada 20 s, en vez de cada 15.

        * Ahora Electrocutar emite pulsos cada 1 s, en vez de cada 0,5.

        * La duración de Rebote se ha aumentado a 30 s, en vez de 20.

        * Se ha reducido un 20% la salud, el daño y el daño de Ráfaga de
viento.

        * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de relanzamiento de Relámpago y de Vara
relámpago.

        * Se ha reducido un 50% el daño en cadena de Golpe de relámpagos a los
aliados.

        * Ya no usará Choque estático en dificultad normal ni en la fase 1 ni
en la 2.

      * Cónclave del Viento

        * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño cuerpo a cuerpo de Rohash, Anshal y
Nezir, el daño y la salud del trepador voraz, el daño de las esporas tóxicas
del trepador voraz, el daño de Huracán, el daño de Tormenta de granizo, el
daño de Escarcha permanente, Vendaval cortante y el daño de Explosión de
viento.

        * Se ha aumentado el tiempo de lanzamiento de Reunir fuerza.

        * Ahora la ralentización de Zona de hielo es de un 5% por acumulación,
y se puede acumular hasta 10 veces (en vez de un 10% por acumulación, con
posibilidad de acumularse hasta 30 veces) y se ha reducido un 20% el daño.

        * Se ha reducido un 20% el daño de Viento escalofriante y ahora
aumenta el daño recibido un 5% por acumulación.

    * Zul'Gurub

      * Ahora todos los beneficios de los calderos se pueden usar sobre una
montura.

      * Ahora la muerte de la suma sacerdotisa Kilnara desactiva el pasillo de
máscaras Tiki llameantes.

      * Ahora la muerte del sumo sacerdote Venoxis elimina el veneno de las
plantas al principio de la mazmorra.

    * Corrección de errores de mazmorras y bandas

      * Ahora los jefes son inmunes al efecto reductor del rayo reductor
gnómico.

      * El logro Comportamiento aberrante ya no debería reiniciar por error su
registro de muertes durante el encuentro de Maloriak en el Descenso de
Alanegra.

      * La Brisa calmante de Anshal ya no debería provocar que las mascotas de
combate se comporten de forma errática en el Trono de los Cuatro Vientos.

      * Ahora los iconos de las marcas de banda son visibles en todas las
fases de los encuentros con jefes.

**[Hermandades][163]**

  * Buscador de hermandad

    * Ahora funcionarán los comentarios largos y no aparecerán cortados.

  * El límite diario de experiencia de hermandad se ha aumentado un 25%.

  * El límite semanal de reputación de hermandad se ha aumentado un 25%.

  * Ahora el límite de experiencia de hermandad desaparece en el nivel 20, en
vez de en el 23.

  * Se ha mejorado el diseño de las riendas del fénix oscuro, que se compran a
un vendedor de hermandad. Ahora la montura es menos transparente y, sin duda,
más impresionante.

**[Objetos][164]**

  * Si un jugador gana un tiro por necesidad en el sistema de necesidad antes
que codicia con un objeto del tipo Se liga al equiparlo, el objeto se quedará
ligado al alma de ese jugador. El objeto no se ligará si se gana con un tiro
por codicia.

  * Ahora los objetos de rango 11 apropiados cuestan puntos de justicia.

  * Se ha aumentado un 40% el daño infligido por Naipe de la Luna Negra:
Huracán cuando se activa. Sin embargo, ya no puede infligir golpes críticos y
ya no recibe modificadores de daño del jugador que lo equipa.

  * Se ha eliminado la ranura del llavero para dejar sitio a nuevas
características en la interfaz de usuario.

    * Se eliminarán del inventario de los jugadores las llaves que ya no
sirvan en el juego. Se recompensará automáticamente con oro por las llaves
según el precio de venta de cada una.

    * Se eliminarán del inventario de los jugadores las llaves que sean
objetos de misión obsoletos.

    * Las llaves que todavía puedan servir a los jugadores se trasladarán al
espacio del inventario normal. Si las bolsas de un jugador están llenas, esas
llaves permanecerán en un inventario de reserva hasta que dispongan del
espacio necesario. Una vez que haya espacio, las llaves aparecerán en el
inventario normal cuando el jugador se desconecte o cambie de zona.

  * Objetos y recompensas de JcJ

    * Ahora los objetos de la temporada 9 apropiados cuestan puntos de honor.

      * Armas de Gladiador

      * Las armas por puntos de conquista de la temporada 10 solo se podrán
comprar una vez que se alcance una cantidad mínima de puntos de conquista
durante la temporada actual. Por ejemplo, la pica de Gladiador implacable
cuesta 3400 puntos de conquista. Sin embargo, los jugadores tendrán que
conseguir primero un total de 11650 puntos de conquista durante la temporada
10 antes de poder comprarla.

      * Las armas por puntos de honor de la temporada 9 solo se podrán comprar
una vez que se alcance una cantidad mínima de puntos de honor durante la
temporada actual. Por ejemplo, la pica de Gladiador sañoso cuesta 3400 puntos
de honor. Sin embargo, los jugadores tendrán que conseguir primero un total de
18500 puntos de honor durante la temporada 10 antes de poder comprarla.

      * En cuanto se alcance la cantidad mínima de puntos necesarios para
comprar armas, todas las armas disponibles se podrán comprar por los precios
de la lista. El requisito de puntos no se reinicia al realizar una compra.

      * Las descripciones de las armas de los vendedores indicarán a los
jugadores cuántos puntos de conquista o de honor tienen que conseguir en la
temporada actual para poder comprar el objeto.

    * Recompensas de campos de batalla puntuados

      * Se otorgarán a los jugadores nuevas monturas terrestres de JcJ, el
lobo de guerra sañoso (Horda) y el corcel de guerra sañoso (Alianza), por
completar los logros de ganar 75, 150 y 300 campos de batalla puntuados
respectivamente, en vez de por estar entre el 0,5% más alto de la
clasificación al final de cada temporada, como en las arenas. Este sistema de
recompensas sirve para premiar mejor el espíritu de los campos de batalla. Se
otorgará una montura ligada a la cuenta por cada logro desbloqueado, lo que
permitirá a los jugadores que ganen 150 y 300 campos de batalla puntuados
conseguir esta montura por segunda y tercera vez. Las monturas adicionales
obtenidas se pueden enviar a personajes alternativos siempre que estén ligados
a la cuenta. Estas monturas se otorgan en cuanto se desbloquea un logro
asociado y no se corresponden con recompensas de fin de temporada.

    * Bonus de conjunto

      * El bonus de temple de 2 piezas de los conjuntos de JcJ de Cataclysm ya
no se acumula. Si un jugador lleva 2 piezas, cada una de un conjunto de
Cataclysm diferente, el jugador solo recibirá el bonus de 400 p. de temple una
vez. Este cambio no se aplica a los conjuntos de JcJ de expansiones
anteriores.

**[Profesiones][165]**

  * Ingeniería

    * D.E.H.T.A. ha puesto recientemente un gran número de alimañas bajo su
protección, sobre todo conejos y ardillas. Por eso, el lanzalimañas de
Cierrasílex se ha readaptado para usar pollos salvajes hasta que se pueda
llegar a un "acuerdo".

  * Desuello

    * Los jugadores ya no pueden desollar cadáveres que ya estén siendo
desollados o despojados de forma activa por otros jugadores.

**[JcJ][166]**

  * Arenas

    * Se ha eliminado la columna de índice de búsqueda individual de la
puntuación de arenas.

    * El Círculo del Valor se ha vuelto a añadir a la rotación de las arenas.
Los jugadores ya no empiezan el encuentro en elevadores en el centro del mapa.
Ahora empezarán el encuentro en salas de inicio en lados opuestos de la arena.

  * Campos de batalla

    * Se ha eliminado la columna de índice de búsqueda individual de la
puntuación de los campos de batalla puntuados y se ha remplazado con un índice
de búsqueda por equipos.

    * Se ha añadido Ojo de la Tormenta a la rotación como campo de batalla
puntuado de 10 jugadores. Los puntos de captura al estilo tira y afloja se han
remplazado por puntos de captura al estilo de la Cuenca de Arathi para
fomentar la competición 10c10. Este cambio solo se aplica a los campos de
batalla puntuados. Por otro lado, Ojo de la Tormenta sigue siendo un campo de
batalla de 15 jugadores con puntos de captura al estilo tira y afloja.

    * Se ha vuelto a añadir Garganta Grito de Guerra a la rotación de campos
de batalla puntuados.

    * Juegos de guerra

      * Se han hecho muchas mejoras a la interfaz de los juegos de guerra.
Ahora tiene su propio panel para que su uso sea más sencillo y los líderes de
grupo o banda serán los únicos que podrán desafiar a otro grupo.

**[Misiones y criaturas][167]**

  * Se han solucionado las anomalías de la probabilidad de golpe crítico y de
esquivar de las criaturas de nivel bajo.

  * Ahora las criaturas muestran una regeneración de energía progresiva a los
jugadores.

**[Razas][168]**

  * Ahora todas las razas de personajes tienen un sonido para /rugir.

**[Interfaz de usuario][169]**

  * Se ha cambiado el tamaño de las pantallas de Opciones de interfaz para que
sea igual que el de las pantallas de vídeo y audio. Esto permite tener un
panel de perfiles de marcos de unidades compactos más grande.

  * Los addons ya no podrán intercambiar objetos de forma inteligente a través
del gestor de equipamiento incorporado.

  * Ahora el orden en el que aparecen los personajes en la pantalla de
selección de personaje se puede reorganizar y guardar.

  * Ahora se puede mover la barra de lanzamiento para que aparezca debajo de
la ventana de Personaje.

  * Ahora las especializaciones de talentos de los personajes se pueden ver al
pasar el ratón por el marcador de los campos de batalla.

  * Ahora existe la opción Retirar mascota en los marcos de unidad.

  * Ahora la durabilidad de los objetos del personaje se mostrará en amarillo
cuando estén por debajo del 20% de su durabilidad, en vez de cuando los
objetos tengan 5 p. de durabilidad o menos.

  * Ahora la ventana de macros y el libro de hechizos se pueden abrir al mismo
tiempo para que la creación de macros sea más intuitiva. Además, la ventana de
macros tiene un botón Guardar/Cancelar.

  * Cuadro de movimiento es una interfaz de movimiento que funciona con el
clic del ratón, que ahora forma parte de la interfaz básica.

  * Ahora es más fácil cambiar el idioma del cliente del juego a cualquier
idioma disponible en la región.

  * Se puede seleccionar a un objetivo o a un objetivo enfocado en el
seguimiento del minimapa (no incluye a jugadores enemigos).

  * Ahora los vendedores muestran los tipos de moneda que usan.

**[Apartado técnico][170]**

  * Ahora el Programa de inicio de Blizzard utiliza Plug and Play universal
para la configuración de puertos. Si tu enrutador es compatible con un
dispositivo UPnP, abrirá automáticamente los puertos que necesite y tus
descargas no estarán restringidas.

**Mise à jour de World of Warcraft 4.2**

Toutes les notes de mise à jour de World of Warcraft peuvent être consultées
[ici][171].

**[Liens élémentaires][172]**

Ce qui s'annonçait comme un évènement prometteur pour l'ancien Arbre-Monde
Nordrassil s'est achevé en tragédie. Sur place, des membres du Cercle cénarien
et du Cercle terrestre, dont l'ancien chef de guerre Thrall, se sont
rassemblés avec les nobles Aspects dragons pour unir leurs pouvoirs et
rétablir Nordrassil pour le bien d'Azeroth. Cependant, la rumeur court qu'un
mystérieux agent du Marteau du crépuscule a interrompu la cérémonie et attaqué
Thrall avec de sombres magies... envoyant son esprit dans les quatre domaines
du plan élémentaire. Si ces terribles rumeurs sont vraies, le Cercle
terrestre, et en fait tout Azeroth, a perdu l'un de ses plus grands champions.

**[Le Renouveau et le front du Magma][173]**

Même si les elfes de la nuit et leurs alliés ont repoussé l'invasion initiale
d'Hyjal par Ragnaros, leur travail sur le mont sacré est loin d'être terminé.
L'archidruide Malfurion Hurlorage a rassemblé ses camarades au sanctuaire de
Malorne, dans le Renouveau récemment guéri, pour envahir le domaine de
Ragnaros : les terres de Feu. Une fois dans le plan élémentaire, les
défenseurs d'Hyjal espèrent établir un bastion permanent. Cependant, ces plans
sont menacés par un nouvel assaut élémentaire féroce qui a déferlé sur le
Renouveau. Malgré ce revers, les protecteurs d'Hyjal croient toujours en leur
mission, car ils savent que c'est au cœur des terres de Feu que le destin du
mont Hyjal va se jouer.

**[Les terres de Feu][174]**

Il sera bientôt temps d'attaquer Ragnaros. La bataille pour protéger le mont
Hyjal fait maintenant rage dans les profondeurs du royaume fumant de Ragnaros.
Maintenant que les défenseurs d'Azeroth gagnent du terrain et qu'ils se
rapprochent des sanctums intérieurs des terres de Feu, une tâche monumentale
les attend. Le repaire de Ragnaros, le donjon de Sulfuron, est étroitement
gardé par ses plus loyaux serviteurs, dont les traîtres druides de la Flamme
et leur mystérieux chef. Cependant, les braves héros qui se sont aventurés
dans ce domaine voilé par les cendres ne peuvent pas se permettre de fuir le
danger. Le résultat des batailles qui les attendent déterminera de la survie
même d'Azeroth.

**[Courroux du dragon, le Repos de Tarecgosa][175]**

L'incertitude plane sur le domaine du Vol draconique bleu, le Nexus, tandis
que ses membres se débattent pour désigner un nouveau meneur. Divisé entre
deux possibles successeurs, Kalecgos et Arygos, le Vol s'est mis d'accord pour
se réunir au cours d'un évènement céleste très rare, appelé l'Étreinte, dans
l'espoir qu'un nouvel Aspect soit finalement choisi. Cependant, le dragon de
bronze, Anachronos, a détecté une menace sinistre à l'œuvre dans le Nexus, et
qui pourrait compromettre la cérémonie. Si un héros ne se décide pas à
enquêter sur ces sombres forces afin de découvrir leurs intentions, Anachronos
pense que la fin d'Azeroth est imminente.

**_Table des matières_**

_Cliquez sur un lien pour accéder directement au paragraphe correspondant dans
les notes de mise à jour._

  * [Général][6]

  * [Hauts faits][7]

  * [Classes : général][8]

    * [![][72]][24] [Chamans][24], [![][13]][14] [Chasseurs][14],
[![][65]][10] [Chevaliers de la mort][10], [![][25]][26] [Démonistes][26],
[![][11]][12] [Druides][12],

    * [![][27]][28] [Guerriers][28], [![][15]][16] [Mages][16], [![][17]][18]
[Paladins][18], [![][19]][20] [Prêtres][20], [![][21]][22] [Voleurs][22]

  * [Monnaies][29]

  * [Donjons et raids][30]

  * [Guildes][31]

  * [Objets][32]

  * [Métiers][33]

  * [JcJ][34]

  * [Quêtes et créatures][35]

  * [Races][36]

  * [Interface utilisateur][37]

  * [Technique][38]

**Général**

  * Nouvelles quêtes journalières disponibles : Le Renouveau et Front du Magma

    * Un grand nombre de nouvelles quêtes journalières et de récompenses
associées est maintenant disponible à Hyjal, où les personnages-joueurs
peuvent aider les Gardiens d'Hyjal à repousser les alliés de Ragnaros et à
établir une base avancée des opérations dans les terres de Feu ! Pour prendre
part aux quêtes journalières du Renouveau et du front du Magma, les joueurs
doivent avoir terminé le mont Hyjal au moins jusqu'à la fin de la quête Le
miracle d'Aessina. Une fois cette quête terminée, les joueurs peuvent aller
parler à Matogriffe dans le sanctuaire de Malorne pour participer aux efforts
de guerre dans le Renouveau.

  * Nouvelle suite de quêtes : Liens élémentaires

    * Une nouvelle suite de quêtes est désormais disponible pour les courageux
aventuriers de la Horde et de l'Alliance de niveau 85 qui pourront apporter
leur aide précieuse à Thrall. « L'appel du chaman universel », la quête qui
conduira les personnages-joueurs jusqu'à Thrall et au sommet de Nordrassil,
peut être obtenue aux sanctuaires Terrestres à Hurlevent ou à Orgrimmar.

  * Nouveau raid : les terres de Feu

    * Situées au cœur du plan élémentaire, les terres de Feu proposent un tout
nouveau raid de 10 et de 25 joueurs en modes normal et héroïque ! Les vétérans
aguerris de la Horde et de l'Alliance ont désormais l'opportunité de terrasser
Ragnaros le seigneur du Feu et ses loyaux serviteurs en s'aventurant dans les
profondeurs de leur domaine par la flèche de Sulfuron, au mont Hyjal.

  * Nouvel objet légendaire : Courroux du dragon, le Repos de Tarecgosa

    * Les amateurs de raids ont l'opportunité de commencer une série de quêtes
pour créer un tout nouveau bâton légendaire destiné aux lanceurs de sorts.
Pour débuter le processus d'assemblage du bâton, les joueurs doivent d'abord
tuer un seigneur de lave, dans les terres de Feu. Lorsqu'un seigneur de lave
est mort, les joueurs peuvent accepter la quête « Une rencontre légendaire »
proposée par Ziradormi au fort Grommash d'Orgrimmar, ou par Coridormi, au
sommet du Sanctuaire du sorcier de Hurlevent. La série de quêtes pour cet
objet légendaire n'est disponible que pour les druides, les mages, les
prêtres, les chamans et les démonistes.

  * Nouvelle fonctionnalité de l'interface utilisateur : le codex des donjons

    * Une mine d'informations sur les donjons est désormais disponible via
l'interface utilisateur grâce au tout nouveau codex des donjons. Les joueurs
peuvent accéder à cette fonctionnalité en donjon en appuyant sur le nouveau
bouton de la barre de navigation de n'importe quel endroit dans le monde.
L'histoire des boss, des détails sur les rencontres, les techniques et les
butins, peuvent être consultés grâce au codex des donjons pour tous les boss
intégrés au nouveau système (cela comprend tous les boss des donjons et raids
de Cataclysm). Il est prévu d'ajouter d'autres donjons au codex lors de
prochaines mises à jour.

**[Hauts faits][176]**

  * L’ours ou la vie ! (nouveau haut fait) : Sauver les quatre prisonniers
avant qu’ils soient sacrifiés à Zul'Aman, en mode héroïque.

**[Classes : général][177]**

  * Tous les coups critiques des sorts de soins soignent désormais 2 fois plus
qu'un sort de soins normal (+ 100%), au lieu de 1,5 (+ 50%).

  * Les joueurs peuvent de nouveau danser en combat sans que cela provoque
d'erreurs graphiques. D'autres animations, comme les attaques, prennent le pas
sur les mouvements de danse dont l'animation est annulée le temps que
l'animation prioritaire soit terminée. Les distractions ne sont plus
"nerfées" !

  * Améliorations

    * Toutes les techniques de classe qui placent une amélioration sur des
cibles amicales ne génèrent plus de menace. Cette modification s'applique aux
améliorations de raid comme Marque du fauve et Mot de pouvoir : Robustesse,
ainsi qu'aux effets déclenchés comme Résilience bénie ou Doigts de givre, et
les améliorations ne touchant qu'une seule cible, comme Sombre intention et
Frénésie impie. Exception faite des améliorations directes qui prodiguent des
soins ou infligent des dégâts, comme Épines ou Rénovation. Ce type de
techniques générera toujours autant de menace.

  * Contrôle des foules

    * De nombreuses techniques de contrôle des foules ont été modifiées pour
que les monstres n'attaquent plus les personnages quand ils les utilisent. Le
monstre ciblé n’attaquera pas le joueur quand le contrôle des foules expire,
et les monstres à proximité ne deviendront pas hostiles non plus. Cependant,
si un joueur visible s’approche trop du monstre contrôlé, le monstre s’en
souviendra et attaquera le joueur quand l’effet de contrôle expire. L'objectif
est de faciliter l'utilisation du contrôle des foules pour les groupes de
donjons afin qu'ils aient moins de difficultés à attirer les PnJ hostiles. Les
techniques affectées par ces modifications sont les suivantes : Hibernation,
Sarments, Piqûre de wyverne (dont les dégâts rendront toujours les PnJ
hostiles), Piège givrant, Métamorphose, Repentir, Entraves des morts-vivants,
Cécité, Maléfice, Lier un élémentaire, Bannir, et Séduction.

  * Familiers

    * La posture « Agressif » des familiers a été supprimée et remplacée par
la posture « Assister ». Grâce à cette posture, le familier attaquera la cible
du personnage-joueur. Le familier ne changera de cible que si son maître
attaque une autre cible pendant quelques secondes.

    * Désormais, la posture défensive du familier ne lui fera attaquer que des
ennemis qui attaquent le familier ou son maître.

  * Interruption de sorts

    * Les joueurs dont les sorts d'une seule école de magie sont interrompus,
tels que Fouet mental ou Éclair de givre, pourront désormais lancer des sorts
utilisant deux écoles de magie, comme Pointe mentale (écoles de magie de
l'Ombre et du Givre) ou Éclair de givre (écoles de magie du Givre et du Feu).
Cependant, l'interruption d'un sort utilisant deux écoles de magie interrompra
toujours les deux écoles de magie concernées.

  * Caractéristiques

    * Les chevaliers de la mort, les paladins et les guerriers ne recevront
plus de bonus de chance à l'Esquive grâce à l'Agilité. Leur chance de base est
désormais fixée à 5%.

    * Les chevaliers de la mort, les paladins et les guerriers reçoivent
désormais 27% de leurs bonus de force sous forme de score de parade, au lieu
de 25%. Cette conversion s'applique encore uniquement à la force au-delà de
leur force de base.

  * Corrections générales de bugs de classe

    * Les personnages-joueurs ne devraient plus recevoir à tort un message
leur indiquant qu'ils viennent d'interrompre l'incantation d'un sort quand ce
n'est pas le cas.

    * Les barres d'actions ne devraient plus temporairement disparaître
lorsque les personnages-joueurs qui possèdent une barre de posture montent
dans un véhicule.

**[![][72]][178] [Chamans][178]**

  * Les dégâts de Nova de feu ont été augmentés de 15%.

  * Bouclier de foudre et Bouclier d'eau ne peuvent plus être dissipés.

  * Déchaînement des éléments fait désormais partie de l'école de magie de la
Nature, et ne peut donc plus être utilisé si cette école de magie est
verrouillée.

  * Déchaînement du vent inflige désormais 175% des dégâts de l'arme, au lieu
de 125%.

  * Le temps de recharge interne de Bouclier d'eau a été réduit à 3,5 secondes
pour correspondre à celui des autres boucliers. Le montant de mana rendu au
déclenchement de Bouclier d'eau a été réduit de 50%.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Élémentaire

      * Appel des flammes permet désormais à Nova de feu d'ajouter 3/6
secondes à la durée des auras de Horion de flammes sur les cibles subissant
des dégâts de Nova de feu.

      * Flots de lave augmente désormais la hâte de 30/60/90%, au lieu de
10/20/30%, lorsque l'effet de Horion de flammes est dissipé.

      * Orage réduit désormais la vitesse de déplacement des joueurs qu'il
fait tomber à la renverse de 40% pendant 5 secondes.

    * Amélioration

      * Frappe-tempête inflige désormais 225% des dégâts de l'arme, au lieu de
125%.

    * Restauration

      * Bouclier d'eau amélioré a été modifié et renommé Résurgence. Lorsque
Bouclier d'eau est actif, Résurgence permet aux soins directs critiques de
restaurer du mana (Le rang 2 de Résurgence est à peu près égal à 150% de la
valeur de l'ancien Bouclier d'eau amélioré lorsqu'une Vague de soins ou une
Vague de soins supérieurs a un effet critique, et diminue en conséquence pour
permettre au chaman de lancer ses sorts de soins plus vite sur plusieurs
cibles).

      * Le bonus à l'esprit conféré par Vague de mana octroie désormais 200%
de l'esprit du lanceur de sorts, au lieu de 400%.

  * Glyphes

    * Glyphe d'Éclair déchaîné (nouveau glyphe primordial) permet au chaman de
lancer Éclair en mouvement.

  * Bonus d'ensembles d'armure

    * Le bonus 4 pièces de l'ensemble d'armure JcJ du chaman spécialisé
Élémentaire (Ensemble d'armure Tonnepoing de gladiateur) a été modifié. Il
permet désormais à Bouclier de foudre de générer une charge supplémentaire, au
lieu d'en consommer une, lorsqu'il est déclenché si le chaman reçoit des
dégâts, jusqu'à un maximum de 3 charges (9 grâce au talent Tonnerre grondant).

**[![][13]][43] [Chasseurs][179]**

  * Les dégâts de Flèches multiples ont été réduits. Ce sort inflige désormais
120% des dégâts de l'arme au niveau 80 et plus, au lieu de 137%.

  * Comme prévu, les pièges bénéficient désormais des caractéristiques du
chasseur telles que le toucher, l'expertise, la pénétration des sorts et la
puissance d'attaque.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Précision

      * Visée minutieuse confère désormais une chance de coup critique
supplémentaire contre des cibles avec plus de 90% de leurs points de vie, au
lieu de 80%.

    * Survie

      * Les dégâts infligés par Flèche noire ont été augmentés d'environ 40%.

  * Familiers

    * 10 nouvelles bêtes rares apprivoisables ont été ajoutées, chacune
représentant un défi unique au domptage. Serez-vous le premier chasseur à
dompter Deth'tilac, la plus rare et la plus puissante de toutes ? Les joueurs
devront progresser dans les zones de quête quotidienne du Renouveau et du
front du Magma à Hyjal pour débloquer l'accès à l'éventail complet des défis
de domptage.

    * Intervention (compétence de familier Ténacité) a été retravaillé comme
suit : le familier court à toute vitesse vers un membre du groupe et réduit
les dégâts de mêlée ou à distance qui lui sont infligés d’un montant
correspondant à 50% du total de points de vie du familier.

**[![][65]][180] [Chevaliers de la mort][180]**

  * Les dégâts de base d'Anéantissement ont été réduits et passent de 160% des
dégâts de l'arme à 150%.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Givre

      * Le talent Froid dévorant a désormais un temps d'incantation de 1,5
seconde.

      * Puissance des terres gelées augmente désormais les dégâts de l'arme à
deux mains de 3/7/10%, au lieu de 4/8/12%.

    * Impie

      * Pouvoir impie augmente désormais la force de 20%, au lieu de 5%.

  * Glyphes

    * Le Glyphe de sombre secours a été retravaillé. Au lieu de placer un
montant de soin maximum de 15% sur les soins de Frappe de mort quand Présence
de givre ou Présence impie est active, il permet à votre prochaine Frappe de
mort lancée moins de 15 secondes après avoir tué un adversaire qui rapporte
des points d'expérience ou d'honneur de rendre au moins 20% du maximum de
points de vie du chevalier de la mort (nécessite toujours Présence de givre ou
Présence impie).

  * Correction de bugs du chevalier de la mort

    * Le talent Machine à tuer peut maintenant être déclenché par les attaques
de main gauche en plus des attaques de main droite.

**[![][73]][181] [Démonistes][182]**

  * Feu de l'âme est désormais disponible au niveau 20, au lieu du niveau 54.

  * Récolte d'âmes a un nouveau visuel.

  * Glyphes

    * Glyphe d'échange d'âme applique désormais un temps de recharge de
30 secondes à Échange d'âme, au lieu de 15 secondes.

  * Correction de bugs du démoniste

    * Il n'est plus possible de sortir de combat en canalisant Drain d'âme.

**[![][66]][183] [Druides][183]**

  * Les druides gagnent maintenant 1 point de puissance d’attaque par point de
Force, au lieu de 2. Ils continuent à gagner 2 points de puissance d’attaque
par point d’Agilité lorsqu’ils sont en forme de félin ou en forme d’ours. De
plus, l'échelle de pondération des améliorations d'équipement en forme de
félin était plus faible que pour les autres classes, ce qui provoquait une
grosse chute dans le classement DPS à haut niveau d'équipement. Pour
contrebalancer la modification sur la Force et améliorer la pondération, les
modifications suivantes ont également été apportées (tous les chiffres sont
valables pour les druides de niveau 85) :

    * Les dégâts de Morsure féroce ont été augmentés de 15%. De plus, son coût
de base en énergie a été réduit à 25, et le sort peut utiliser jusqu'à 25
points d'énergie, pour une augmentation des dégâts pouvant atteindre 100%.

    * Les dégâts de Mutilation (Félin), au niveau 80 et plus, ont été
augmentés et passent de 460% des dégâts de l'arme à 540%. Le bonus de dégâts a
été réduit à 302.

    * Les dégâts initiaux de Griffure infligent le même montant de dégâts que
chaque itération (et sont considérés de la même façon pour tous les calculs en
combat). Les dégâts périodiques bénéficient de 14,7% de la puissance d'attaque
par itération au lieu de 12,6%, et les dégâts de base par itération ont été
réduits et passent de 557 à 56. L'encadré d'aide de Griffure est actuellement
erroné, mais il reflétera ces modifications dans une prochaine mise à jour.

    * Les dégâts de Ravage, au niveau 80 et plus, ont été augmentés et passent
de 850% des dégâts de l'arme à 950%. Le bonus de dégâts a été réduit à 532.

    * Rugissement sauvage octroie une augmentation de 80% aux dégâts des
attaques automatiques en mêlée, au lieu de 50%. Le bonus octroyé par le glyphe
de rugissement sauvage reste inchangé, à 5% de ce total.

    * Les dégâts de Lambeau, au niveau 80 et plus, ont été augmentés et
passent de 450% des dégâts de l'arme à 540%. Le bonus de dégâts a été réduit à
302.

  * Sarments et le sort équivalent déclenché par Emprise de la nature
n'infligent plus de dégâts.

  * Innervation rend maintenant à la cible alliée 5% de son maximum de mana en
10 secondes, mais il rend toujours 20% du maximum de mana du druide lorsque
celui-ci se cible lui-même.

  * L'amélioration Idées claires d'Augure de clarté dure désormais 15
secondes, au lieu de 8 secondes.

  * Les dégâts de Feu stellaire ont été augmentés d'environ 23%.

  * Balayage (Félin) inflige désormais 600% des dégâts de l'arme, au niveau 80
et plus, au lieu de 670%.

  * Les dégâts de Colère ont été augmentés d'environ 23%.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Équilibre

      * La durée de Terre et lune a été augmentée et passe de 12 à 15
secondes.

      * Le visuel du sort Croissance fongique a été modifié pour être plus
esthétique et prendre moins de place.

      * Déluge lunaire a été modifié. Lorsque le druide lance Éclat lunaire,
il bénéficie de Déluge lunaire qui augmente les dégâts directs infligés par
Éclat lunaire de 15/30/45%, et réduit le coût en mana de 10/20/30%. Cet effet
se cumule jusqu'à 3 fois et dure 3 secondes. Lorsque le druide bénéficie de
cette amélioration, Éclat lunaire génère 8 points d'énergie solaire, et Feu
solaire génère 8 points d'énergie lunaire. Le montant d'énergie
lunaire/solaire octroyé se fait toujours en fonction du nombre de points
placés dans le talent, ou en fonction des charges de Déluge lunaire. Les
druides qui souhaitent retarder la transition pendant ou en dehors d'un état
d'Éclipse devront désormais lancer une des deux attaques de base qui
n’influera pas sur la barre d’Éclipse (c'est-à-dire Feu stellaire ou Colère).

      * Rayon solaire possède désormais un nouveau visuel.

      * Tout comme Feu stellaire et Colère, Champignon sauvage : Détonation
peut désormais aussi déclencher Terre et lune.

    * Farouche

      * Les techniques à dégâts de l'ours montaient trop vite avec les niveaux
d'équipement les plus élevés par rapport aux autres tanks, donc nous avons
fait les changements d'équilibrage suivants. Tous les chiffres indiqués
concernent les personnages de niveau 85 ; les chiffres seront plus faibles
pour des personnages de niveau moins élevé.

        * Les dégâts de base de Lucioles (Farouche) sont passés de 679 à 2950.
L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque passe de 15 à 10,8%.

        * Les dégâts de base de Mutiler ont été augmentés et passent de 8 à
35. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque passe de 26,4 à 19%.

        * Le pourcentage de dégâts de l'arme de Pulvérisation a été diminué et
passe de 80 à 60%. Les dégâts par cumul de Lacérer ont été augmentés et
passent de 361 à 1623.

        * Le pourcentage de dégâts de l'arme de Mutilation (ours) a été
diminué et passe de 260 à 190%. Le bonus aux dégâts a été augmenté et passe de
754 à 3306.

        * Les dégâts de base de Balayage ont été augmentés et passent de 215 à
929. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque passe de 17,1 à 12,3%.

        * Les dégâts de base initiaux de Rosser ont été augmentés et passent
de 339 à 1042. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque des dégâts initiaux
passe de 19,2 à 9,82%. Les dégâts périodiques de base ont été augmentés et
passent de 189 à 581. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque des dégâts
périodiques passe de 3,26 à 1,67%. De plus, nous avons corrigé un bug qui
faisait que l'armure diminuait les dégâts périodiques infligés grâce à cette
technique.

        * Les dégâts de base initiaux de Lacérer ont été augmentés et passent
de 2089 à 3608. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque des dégâts
initiaux passe de 7,66 à 5,52%. Les dégâts périodiques de base ont été
augmentés et passent de 16 à 69. L'augmentation due à la puissance d'attaque
des dégâts périodiques passe de 0,512 à 0,369%.

      * La réduction de dégâts de Réaction naturelle a été augmentée et passe
de 6/12% à 9/18%.

    * Restauration

      * L'amélioration Symbiose (Maîtrise) a été supprimée et remplacée par
Harmonie. Cet effet augmente les soins directs de 10% supplémentaires, et
lancer des sorts de soins directs confère un bonus de 10% supplémentaires aux
soins périodiques pendant 10 secondes. Chaque point de maîtrise augmente
chaque bonus de 1,25% supplémentaire. Toucher guérisseur, Nourrir, Prompte
guérison, et le premier soin de Rétablissement sont considérés comme des sorts
directs et peuvent ainsi bénéficier de la maîtrise. Tous les autres sorts de
soins du druide sont considérés comme périodiques.

  * Glyphes

    * La durée de Glyphe de Berserk a été augmentée et passe de 5 à 10
secondes.

    * Refonte du glyphe de morsure féroce : Morsure féroce soigne maintenant
le lanceur de sort pour 1% de ses points de vie maximum par tranche de
10 points d'énergie utilisés.

    * Glyphe d’innervation permet maintenant au druide de récupérer 10% de son
maximum de mana en 10 secondes quand Innervation est utilisé sur une cible
alliée, en plus de l’effet de base d’Innervation.

  * Bonus d'ensembles d'armure

    * Le bonus 4 pièces de l'ensemble d'armure JcE de palier 11 du druide
spécialisé Équilibre, Alignement astral, confère désormais un total de 15% de
chances d'infliger un coup critique avec 3 charges, diminuant de 5% par
charge, au lieu de 99% diminuant de 33% par charge. Cette modification a été
effectuée car le bonus d'ensemble d'armure était si avantageux qu'il était
impossible de l'améliorer au palier 12. En compensation, des changements ont
été apportés à Feu stellaire et à Colère (voire le début du paragraphe sur la
classe du druide).

    * Le bonus 2 pièces de l'ensemble d'armure JcE de palier 11 du druide
spécialisé Restauration a été modifié pour correspondre au système de maîtrise
du druide spécialisé Restauration. Les druides qui bénéficient de ce bonus
reçoivent désormais une amélioration de leur Esprit tant que le bonus de
maîtrise aux soins périodiques, Harmonie, est actif.

  * Corrections de bugs du druide

    * Il n'est plus possible dans certains combats d'utiliser Charge farouche
à une distance inférieure à la distance minimum normale.

**[![][74]][184] [Guerriers][184]**

  * Fulgurance possède désormais un temps de recharge de 1,5 seconde et un
temps de recharge global (le temps de recharge de la technique Fulgurance
déclenchée par Goût du sang reste inchangé).

  * Témérité et Calme mortel ne peuvent plus être utilisés en même temps. Tant
que l'un des deux est actif, on ne peut pas utiliser l'autre, mais cela ne
déclenche pas son temps de recharge complet.

  * Représailles, Témérité et Mur protecteur ne requièrent plus de posture
particulière.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Armes

      * L'augmentation des dégâts de l'arme de Spécialisation Arme 2M a été
diminuée et passe de 20 à 12%.

    * Fureur

      * L'augmentation des dégâts de l'arme de Spécialisation Ambidextrie a
été diminuée et passe de 10 à 5%.

  * Corrections de bugs du guerrier

    * Il n'est plus possible dans certains combats d'utiliser Charge à une
distance inférieure à la distance minimum normale.

**[![][68]][185] [Mages][185]**

  * Les dégâts infligés par Déflagration des Arcanes ont été diminués de 5%.

  * La technique Explosion pyrotechnique lancée quand Chaleur continue n'est
pas actif infligeait légèrement moins de dégâts que la version sous Chaleur
continue. Ses dégâts ont été augmentés afin que les deux versions d'Explosion
pyrotechnique infligent le même montant de dégâts.

  * Le coût en mana de Vol de sort a été augmenté de 100%.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Feu

      * Lorsqu'Impact transmet l'affaiblissement Bombe vivante, il n'est
transmis qu'à deux cibles supplémentaires. Cela permettra, si la cible la plus
récente de Bombe vivante est la même que la cible d'Impact, qu'elle ne perde
plus l'effet de Bombe vivante. Si l'effet de Bombe vivante est actif sur
plusieurs cibles lorsque l'effet d'Impact est lancé, l'effet Bombe vivante
restera actif sur la cible la plus récente de Bombe vivante et sera transmis à
deux autres cibles proches.

    * Givre

      * Congélation et Anneau de givre ont maintenant un rendement décroissant
commun, en plus des sorts dont ils partagent normalement le rendement
décroissant.

**[![][69]][186] [Paladins][186]**

  * Le coût en mana de Lumière divine a été augmenté et passe de 30% de son
coût en mana de base à 35%.

  * Le coût en mana d'Éclair lumineux a été augmenté et passe de 27% de son
coût en mana de base à 31%.

  * Le gardien des anciens rois utilise maintenant la nouvelle fonctionnalité
de familier Soutien.

  * Le coût en mana de Lumière sacrée a été augmenté et passe de 10% de son
coût en mana de base à 12%.

  * Réprimandes, Bouclier divin, et Protection divine ont de nouvelles icônes.

  * Sceau de piété peut maintenant être activé par n'importe quelle technique
en mêlée et pas uniquement les techniques en mêlée monocible. Cela rajoute
donc Marteau du vertueux et Tempête divine à la liste des techniques qui
peuvent activer ce sceau. De plus, les effets déclenchés du Sceau de piété
peuvent maintenant être critiques.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Sacré

      * Guide de lumière ne peut plus être dissipé. En outre, il transfère
maintenant 100% de la guérison provenant de Lumière sacrée, mais toujours 50%
de la guérison provenant d’autres sorts.

      * Refonte de Dénoncer : ce talent réduit toujours le coût en mana
d'Exorcisme, mais il ne permet plus à Horion sacré d'octroyer un Exorcisme
gratuit et instantané. Au lieu de cela, il octroie 50/100% de chances
d'empêcher la cible d'Exorcisme d'infliger des coups critiques pendant les
6 prochaines secondes. Cet effet peut être dissipé.

      * Le coût en mana de Horion sacré a été réduit et passe de 8% du mana de
base à 7%.

      * Soins illuminés (Maîtrise) a été légèrement modifié pour permettre au
paladin de rafraîchir une version déjà existante de ses Soins illuminés sur
une cible et d'ajouter le nouveau montant d'absorption à l'ancien, tout en
réinitialisant la durée. L'absorption totale ainsi créée ne peut excéder 1/3
des points de vie du paladin qui lance ce sort.

      * Imprégnation de lumière permet désormais de réduire également le temps
d'incantation d'Éclair lumineux de 0,75/1,5 seconde, en plus de Lumière sacrée
et de Lumière divine. De plus, l'ancien effet de mise en avant de Dénoncer est
maintenant utilisé pour Imprégnation de lumière puisque Dénoncer n'est plus un
effet déclenché.

      * Vitesse de la Lumière augmente désormais la vitesse de déplacement
quand Radiance sacrée ou Protection divine sont actifs. De plus, ce talent
réduit désormais le temps de recharge de Radiance sacrée de 13/26/40 secondes,
au lieu de 10/20/30.

      * Allez dans la lumière augmente maintenant les soins de Mot de gloire
de 30%, en plus de ses effets actuels.

    * Protection

      * Ardent défenseur a un nouveau visuel.

      * Gardé par la Lumière n'interagit plus du tout avec Bouclier sacré.

      * Le coût en mana de Marteau du vertueux a été réduit et passe de 12% à
10% pour correspondre à celui de Frappe du croisé.

      * Bouclier sacré a été retravaillé. Ce talent est désormais une
technique activée en dehors du temps de recharge global. Elle confère un
montant de blocage augmenté à 20% pendant 10 secondes pour les blocages au
bouclier d'un paladin, avec un temps de recharge de 30 secondes.

      * Jugements des sages se déclenche désormais même si le paladin manque
sa cible, ce qui signifie que les jugements qui ratent leur cible octroient
malgré tout du mana. Cette modification permet aux paladins spécialisés
Protection de ne pas être à court de mana s'ils n'ont pas le score de toucher
nécessaire.

    * Vindicte

      * Test de la foi augmente désormais la durée d'Inquisition de
66/133/200%, au lieu de 50/100/150%.

      * Sceaux d'autorité : ce talent permet désormais à Sceau de piété de
toucher un nombre illimité de cibles en mêlée, au lieu de 2 cibles
supplémentaires.

      * Soigneur altruiste ne peut plus être dissipé et ne peut pas être volé
avec Vol de sort. En plus de ses effets actuels, ce talent réduit le temps de
recharge de Mot de gloire de 5/10 secondes.

    * Glyphes

      * Glyphe de sceau de vérité : le bonus à l'expertise octroyé par ce
glyphe fonctionne également quand Sceau de piété est actif.

**[![][70]][187] [Prêtres][187]**

  * Les dégâts de Peste dévorante ont été réduits de 12%.

  * Les dégâts d'Attaque mentale ont été augmentés de 12%.

  * L'ombrefiel utilise maintenant la nouvelle fonctionnalité de familier
Soutien.

  * Les dégâts de Mot de l'ombre : Mort ont été augmentés de 12%.

  * Les dégâts de Mot de l'ombre : Douleur ont été réduits de 12%.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Ombre

      * Les dégâts de Fouet mental ont été augmentés de 12%.

      * Horreur psychique ne nécessite plus que la cible soit devant le
lanceur, ce qui rend ce sort cohérent avec les autres contrôles des foules
sans projectile.

      * L'effet de peur de Toucher vampirique octroyé par Péché et punition
n'est plus dépendant d'un rendement décroissant.

      * Les dégâts de Toucher vampirique ont été réduits de 12%.

  * Correction de bugs du prêtre

    * Les joueurs n'annuleront plus prématurément un sort canalisé lorsqu'ils
cliqueront sur un Puits de lumière.

**[![][71]][188] [Voleurs][188]**

  * Le temps de recharge de Cape d'ombre est maintenant de 2 minutes, au lieu
de 90 secondes. De plus, Cape d'ombre n'est plus sur le temps de recharge
global.

  * Promptitude au combat et Cape d'ombre partagent désormais un temps de
recharge.

  * La durée de Cécité sur les PnJ ennemis est désormais de 1 minute, alors
que le sort dure toujours 8 secondes sur les personnages-joueurs.

  * Le temps de recharge de Camouflage commence de nouveau lorsque le voleur
quitte l’état camouflé.

  * Spécialisation des talents

    * Assassinat

      * Le bonus aux dégâts de Résolution de l'assassin a été augmenté et
passe de 15 à 20%.

      * Poisons abominables augmente désormais les dégâts de poison de
12/24/36%, au lieu de 7/14/20%.

    * Combat

      * Combat sauvage augmente désormais la puissance d'attaque de 3/6%, au
lieu de 2/4%.

      * Vitalité augmente maintenant la puissance d'attaque de 30%, au lieu de
25%.

    * Finesse

      * Insaisissable réduit désormais le temps de recharge de Cape d'ombre,
passe de 10/20 à 15/30 secondes, et diminue également le temps de recharge de
Promptitude au combat de 15/30 secondes.

      * Les dégâts de base d'Hémorragie ont été augmentés de 40%.

      * Les dégâts de Veines sanguinaires sur les cibles affectées par un
effet de saignement ont été augmentés et passent de 5/10 à 8/16%.

**Monnaies**

  * Points d'honneur et points de conquête

    * Tous les points de conquête présents dans l'onglet Monnaies ont été
convertis en points d'honneur. Tout point au-dessus du maximum de points de
conquête doit être dépensé au cours de la semaine prochaine avant le début de
la saison 10. Lorsque la saison 10 aura commencé, tout point d'honneur
dépassant la limite de 4000 points sera converti en argent, au taux de 35
pièces d'argent par point, et envoyé aux personnages.

    * Le montant minimum hebdomadaire de points de conquête que l'on peut
obtenir en arène est maintenant de 1350 pour une cote d'arène de 1500 ou
moins. Le montant maximum est désormais de 2700 pour une cote d'arène de 3000
ou plus. La limite continue de s’ajuster de manière non linéaire entre ces
deux valeurs. En comparaison, au cours de la saison 9, le montant était
compris entre 1343 et 3000.

    * Le jeu traite maintenant la limite de points de conquête séparément
selon qu’il s’agit de champs de bataille ou d’arènes. Les cotes en champs de
bataille reçoivent un bonus de 22,2% au seuil qu'elles génèrent, ce qui
signifie que le montant obtenu par la cote en champ de bataille s'étend de
1650 à 3300. Les joueurs peuvent obtenir un nombre total hebdomadaire de
points de conquête correspondant à la plus élevée de ces deux limites, mais
une fois qu’ils ont atteint la limite du champ de bataille ou de l’arène, ils
ne peuvent plus continuer à obtenir de points dans ce mode de jeu. Les points
de conquête obtenus lors des appels aux armes de champs de bataille ne sont
comptabilisés que pour la limite totale de points de conquête.

      * Un exemple : au cours de la première semaine de la saison 10, tout le
monde commence avec une cote inférieure à 1500 points. Par conséquent, la
limite pour les champs de bataille cotés sera de 1650 points et celle pour les
cotes d'arène de 1350 points. Au cours de la première semaine, le personnage-
joueur gagne suffisamment de matchs d'arène pour atteindre la limite de 1350
points. Après cela, les victoires en arènes ne confèreront plus de points de
conquête pour cette semaine. Cependant, le personnage-joueur peut quand même
obtenir jusqu'à 300 points supplémentaires, mais uniquement en champs de
bataille cotés ou comme bonus en points de conquête pour les champs de
bataille aléatoires quotidiens et/ou lors des appels aux armes. La semaine
suivante, la limite sera recalculée selon les cotes du personnage-joueur, et
il est possible que la cote d'arènes génère une limite plus élévée. La
deuxième semaine, la limite du personnage-joueur en arène cotée est de 1800
points et celle des champs de bataille cotés de 1650. Le personnage-joueur a
une limite totale de 1800 points de conquête pour la semaine. Il est possible
d'obtenir jusqu'à 1650 points avec les champs de bataille cotés, mais les
derniers 150 points doivent provenir d'une source différente.

  * Points de vaillance et points de justice

    * Tous les points de vaillance présents dans l'onglet Monnaies ont été
convertis en points de justice. Tout point au-dessus du maximum de points de
justice sera converti en argent, au taux de 47 pièces d'argent par point, et
envoyé aux personnages.

    * Le nombre maximum de points de vaillance que l'on peut obtenir par
semaine grâce aux donjons et aux raids distribuant ce type de point est
désormais de 980, au lieu de 1250.

      * Le nombre maximum de points de vaillance octroyé pour l'achèvement des
donjons de Gloire aux Zandalari est toujours de 980.

      * Le nombre maximum de points de vaillance octroyé pour l'achèvement de
donjons en mode héroïque est toujours de 490.

      * Le nombre maximum de points de vaillance octroyé pour la mort d'un
boss dans les terres de Feu est de 120 pour les raids de 10 joueurs, et de 140
pour les raids de 25 joueurs.

      * Le nombre maximum de points de vaillance octroyé pour la mort
d'Occu'thar au bastion de Baradin est de 120 pour les raids de 10 joueurs, et
de 140 pour les raids de 25 joueurs.

      * Le nombre de points de vaillance octroyé pour la mort d'un boss en
mode héroïque au bastion du Crépuscule, à la descente de l'Aile noire, et au
Trône des quatre vents est de 35 pour les raids de 10 joueurs, et de 45 pour
les raids de 25 joueurs.

**[Donjons et raids][189]**

  * Des profils de raid qui permettent aux joueurs de sauvegarder l’agencement
de l’interface de la fenêtre de raid d’après son type de contenu (10 joueurs,
25 joueurs, champs de bataille, etc.) ont été implémentés pour une utilisation
ultérieure.

    * Les joueurs peuvent sélectionner le type de contenu (JcE, JcJ), la
spécialisation et la taille du groupe. Chaque type de Profil de raid est
ensuite automatiquement configuré.

    * Cette fonctionnalité est également disponible pour le contenu à
5 joueurs lorsque l'option Utiliser interface de type raid est sélectionnée
dans les options d'interface.

    * Les profils de raid peuvent afficher les groupes aussi bien à
l'horizontale qu'à la verticale.

  * Un bouton Raid a été ajouté à la barre de navigation. Il permet d'accéder
directement à la fenêtre Raid dans le panneau Social.

  * Le bastion de Baradin

    * Occu'thar s'est échappé de sa cage et représente désormais un tout
nouveau défi pour les raids de 10 et de 25 joueurs qui contrôlent Tol Barad.

  * Le bastion du Crépuscule

    * Le modificateur de dégâts en mode normal a été réduit pour Arion, la
monstruosité en élémentium, Feludius, Ignacious et Terrastra.

    * Un élémentaire lié de chaque type a été supprimé de la chambre du
conseil d'ascendants.

    * La technique Givre tourbillonnant du Déluge lié inflige désormais 50% de
dégâts en moins.

    * Arion

      * La portée et les dégâts de Chaîne d'éclair ont été réduits.

    * Cho’gall

      * Les points de vie et les dégâts en mêlée des corrupteurs adhérents,
ainsi que les dégâts de Dépravation, de Déferlante corruptrice, de Destruction
enflammée et d'Ombres déchaînées ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Déferlante corruptrice et Dépravation

        * Le montant de corruption que ces sorts infligent a été réduit et
passe de 10 à 5.

      * L'effet Morsure corrompue provoqué par le sang du Dieu très ancien a
été réduit.

      * Les dégâts provoqués par Corruption du Dieu très ancien en fonction du
Sang vicié ont été réduits à 2% par charge au lieu de 3%.

      * Les dégâts de Rayon débilitant ont été réduits de 20%.

      * La durée de Dévotion tordue a été réduite de 25%.

    * Dragons jumeaux

      * Leurs points de vie, leurs dégâts en mêlée, ainsi que les dégâts de
Météorite du Crépuscule, Flammes dévorantes, Aveuglement, Crépuscule instable,
Zone du Crépuscule, Déflagration du Crépuscule et Flammes fabuleuses ont tous
été réduits de 20%.

    * Monstruosité en élémentium

      * Les dégâts d'Instabilité électrique ont été réduits.

    * Feludius

      * Les dégâts dus à l'état Congelé après avoir été Trempé ont été
réduits.

    * Halfus

      * Ses points de vie, ses dégâts en mêlée, ainsi que les dégâts de Boule
de feu et Barrage de boules de feu, Rugissement furieux, Souffle de brûlure et
Nova de l'ombre ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Les points de vie du scion du Néant, du dragon ardoise, du chevauche-
tempête, du veilleur du temps et des dragonnets d'émeraude orphelins ont été
réduits de 20%.

      * Le temps d'incantation de base de Nova de l'ombre a été augmenté.

    * Ignacious

      * Levée de flammes augmente désormais les dégâts de 3% par charge, au
lieu de 5%.

    * Terrastra

      * Durcissement de la peau augmente les dégâts physiques infligés de 20%,
au lieu de 100%.

  * Descente de l'Aile noire

    * Atramédès

      * Ses points de vie, ses dégâts en mêlée, ainsi que les dégâts de
Modulation, Flamme ronflante et Flamme incendiaire ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Modulation ne provoque plus d'augmentation du son en mode normal.

      * Le son provoqué par Pulsation de sonar a été réduit à 3, au lieu de 5.

    * Chimaeron

      * Ses points de vie ont été réduits de 20% et ses dégâts en mêlée de
10%.

      * Chimaeron ne lance plus que deux Gelées caustiques par cycle de
30 secondes.

    * Bâtard drakodon

      * Trou de temps n'étourdit plus.

      * L'effet de silence de Brûlure de givre dure désormais 3 secondes.

    * Rois nains

      * Tourbillon ne fait plus chuter la menace.

      * Condamnation à mort n'inflige plus que des dégâts.

      * L'absorption de Bouclier de lumière a été réduite.

    * Magmagueule

      * Ses dégâts et ses points de vie ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Les parasites de lave ont été réduits.

      * Les dégâts de Crachement de magma, Crachat de magma, Impact massif et
Vomi infectieux ont été réduits.

      * Mutilé à mort ne tue plus instantanément et les dégâts infligés ont
été réduits.

      * Infection parasitique a été réduit.

    * Maloriak

      * Ses points de vie et ses dégâts, les points de vie et les dégâts des
aberrations, les dégâts des sujets primordiaux, ainsi que les dégâts de Gel
instantané/Fracasser, Orage arcanique et Déflagration brûlante ont été réduits
de 20%.

      * Le bonus aux dégâts cumulable des aberrations a été réduit.

      * Les sujets primordiaux n'utilisent plus Fixer et ne sont plus
insensibles aux effets de provocation.

    * Nefarian

      * Les points de vie de Nefarian et ses dégâts en mêlée ont été réduits
de 20%.

      * Les guerriers des ossements animés mettent maintenant 33 secondes à
s'effondrer, au lieu de 50. De plus, moins de guerriers apparaissent.

      * Le temps d'incantation de Nova explosive a été augmenté.

      * Les points de vie des prototypes chromatiques ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Les dégâts d'Électrocuter ont été réduits de 30%.

      * L'effet cumulable de l'affaiblissement Magma a été réduit de 75%.

      * Nefarian ne peut pas incanter plus de 1 Ombrase toutes les
15 secondes.

      * Les points de vie d'Onyxia et ses dégâts en mêlée ont été réduits de
20%.

      * Les dégâts de Barrage d'Ombreflamme ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Les dégâts de Fouette-queue ont été réduits de 50%.

    * Conseil Omnitron

      * Ses points de vie, ses dégâts en mêlée, les points de vie des bombes
de poison, ainsi que les dégâts de Décharge d'électricité, Conducteur de
foudre, Mesure de sécurité pour l'incinération et Annihilateur arcanique ont
été réduits de 20%.

      * Le montant absorbé par Barrière a été augmenté de 100%.

      * Le temps de recharge de Conversion de puissance (chances de Puissance
convertie) a été augmenté.

      * Les dégâts de Lance-flammes ont été réduits de 40%.

      * Les dégâts de Horion statique provoqués par Bouclier instable et les
dégâts de Bombe de poison ont été réduits de 50%.

  * Mortemines

    * Les dialogues de Vanessa VanCleef (mode héroïque) sont désormais
accompagnés d'une bien jolie voix.

  * Trône des quatre vents

    * Al’Akir

      * Les charges de Pluie acide augmentent toutes les 20 secondes, au lieu
de 15.

      * Électrocuter inflige des dégâts toutes les secondes, au lieu de toutes
les 0,5 seconde.

      * La durée de Réaction a été augmentée à 30 secondes, au lieu de 20.

      * Ses points de vie, ses dégâts et les dégâts de Jaillissement de vent
ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Le temps de réincantation de Foudre et Bâtonnet d'éclair a été
augmenté.

      * Les dégâts aux alliés de Foudre ont été réduits de 50%.

      * Al'Akir n'utilise plus Horion statique en mode normal, en phase 1 ou
2.

    * Conclave des quatre vents

      * Les dégâts en mêlée de Rohash, Anshal et Nezir, les points de vie et
les dégâts des rampants voraces, ainsi que les dégâts des spores toxiques des
rampants voraces, de Tempête de grésil, Ouragan, Gel prolongé, Trombe
tranchante et Coup de vent ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Le temps d'incantation de Rassembler ses forces a été augmenté.

      * Plaque de glace ralentit de 5 % par charge, jusqu'à 10 charges, au
lieu de 10% par charge, jusqu'à 30 charges. Ses dégâts ont été réduits de 20%.

      * Les dégâts de Frisson du vent ont été réduits de 20% et augmentent
désormais les dégâts subis de 5% par charge.

  * Zul'Gurub

    * Toutes les améliorations de chaudron sont maintenant utilisables en
monture.

    * La mort de la grande prêtresse Kilnara désactive désormais l'épreuve du
masque tiki enflammé.

    * La mort du grand prêtre Venoxis supprime le poison des plantes à
l'entrée du donjon.

  * Correction de bugs des donjons et des raids

    * Les boss sont désormais immunisés contre l'effet rétrécissant du rayon
rétrécissant gnome.

    * Le haut fait Comportement aberrant ne devrait plus réinitialiser à tort
le décompte des morts pendant la rencontre avec Maloriak, à la descente de
l'Aile noire.

    * Brise apaisante d'Anshal ne devrait plus provoquer un comportement
erratique chez les familiers au Trône des quatre vents.

    * Les icônes des marqueurs de raid sont désormais visibles pour toutes les
phases de rencontre avec des boss.

**[Guildes][190]**

  * Recherche de guildes

    * Les longs commentaires fonctionnent à présent correctement et leur
affichage n'est plus tronqué.

  * Le montant maximum d'expérience de guilde que l'on peut obtenir par jour a
été augmenté de 25%.

  * Le montant maximum de réputation de guilde que l'on peut obtenir par
semaine a été augmenté de 25%.

  * La limite d'expérience de guilde est désormais supprimée au niveau 20, au
lieu du niveau 23.

  * L’aspect visuel du phénix sombre, dont les rênes peuvent être achetées
auprès du vendeur de guilde, a été amélioré. La monture est maintenant moins
transparente et elle en jette carrément plus.

**[Objets][191]**

  * Si un joueur gagne un jet de dé grâce au système Le besoin avant la
cupidité sur un objet Lié quand équipé, cet objet sera lié à ce joueur.
L'objet ne sera pas lié s'il est gagné grâce à un jet de cupidité.

  * Les objets correspondant au palier 11 coûtent désormais des points de
justice.

  * Les dégâts infligés par Carte de Sombrelune : Ouragan ont été augmentés de
40% mais ne peuvent plus effectuer de coups critiques, ni subir de
modifications par le personnage-joueur qui s'en équipe.

  * Le trousseau de clés a été retiré de l’interface utilisateur pour laisser
la place à d’autres fonctionnalités.

    * Les clés qui n’ont plus d’utilité dans le jeu seront retirées de
l’inventaire des joueurs. En contrepartie, un montant de pièces d’or
équivalant au prix de vente de chacune de ces clés sera donné au joueur.

    * Les clés qui sont devenues des objets de quête obsolètes seront retirées
de l’inventaire des joueurs.

    * Les clés qui pourraient encore être utiles aux joueurs seront placées
dans l’inventaire principal. Si les sacs du joueur sont pleins, ces clés
seront placées dans un inventaire masqué jusqu’à ce que la place nécessaire
soit faite dans l’inventaire principal. Ceci fait, les clés apparaîtront dans
les sacs du joueur quand il se connectera ou changera de zone.

  * Objets et récompenses JcJ

    * Les objets correspondant à la saison 9 coûtent désormais des points
d'honneur.

    * Armes de gladiateur

      * Les armes de saison 10 vendues contre des points de conquête ne
pourront être achetées qu'une fois atteint un montant minimum de points de
conquête pendant la saison en cours. Par exemple, la pique du gladiateur sans
pitié coûte 3400 points de conquête. Cependant, les joueurs doivent d'abord
obtenir un total de 11650 points de conquête au cours de la dixième saison
pour pouvoir l'acheter.

      * Les armes de saison 9 vendues contre des points d'honneur ne pourront
être achetées qu'une fois atteint un montant minimum de points d'honneur
pendant la saison en cours. Par exemple, la pique du gladiateur vicieux coûte
3400 points d'honneur. Cependant, les joueurs doivent d'abord obtenir un total
de 18500 points d'honneur au cours de la dixième saison pour pouvoir
l'acheter.

      * Une fois que le montant minimum de points requis pour acheter des
armes est atteint, toutes les armes disponibles peuvent être achetées au prix
indiqué. Le prérequis du nombre de points n'est pas réinitialisé après un
achat.

      * Les encadrés d'aide des armes chez le vendeur permettent aux joueurs
de savoir combien de points d'honneur ou de conquête doivent être gagnés au
cours de la saison pour pouvoir acheter l'objet.

    * Récompenses de champs de bataille cotés

      * De nouvelles montures terrestres JcJ, le loup de guerre vicieux
(Horde) et le palefroi de guerre vicieux (Alliance), seront offerts en
récompense aux joueurs qui auront accompli les hauts faits demandant de gagner
respectivement 75, 150 et 300 champs de bataille cotés, plutôt qu'à ceux qui
se trouvent dans les 0,5% meilleurs du classement à chaque fin de saison
d'arène. Ce système de gratification est voulu pour récompenser l'esprit des
champs de bataille. Une monture liée au compte sera offerte pour chaque haut
fait débloqué, permettant aux joueurs qui obtiennent 150 et 300 victoires en
champs de bataille coté de gagner cette monture une seconde et une troisième
fois. Ces montures supplémentaires peuvent alors être envoyées à des
personnages secondaires, puisqu'elles sont liées au compte. Les montures sont
envoyées dès qu'un haut fait correspondant est débloqué et ne correspondent
pas aux récompenses de fin de saison.

    * Bonus d'ensembles d'armure

      * Le bonus 2 pièces de l'ensemble d'armure JcJ de Cataclysm axé
résilience n'est plus cumulable. Si un joueur porte deux fois 2 pièces de
2 ensembles JcJ différents de Cataclysm, il ne bénéficie qu'une seule fois du
bonus de 400 points au score de résilience. Cette modification ne s'applique
pas aux ensembles JcJ antérieurs à cette extension.

**[Métiers][192]**

  * Ingénierie

    * La SdPA a récemment placé un grand nombre de bestioles sous sa
protection, notamment les lapins et les écureuils. Le ronge-bois de Flintlocke
a donc dû être modifié pour ne plus utiliser que des poulets sauvages, jusqu'à
ce qu'un "compromis" soit trouvé.

  * Dépeçage

    * Les joueurs ne peuvent plus dépecer les cadavres que d'autres joueurs
sont déjà en train de dépecer ou de fouiller.

**[JcJ][193]**

  * Arènes

    * La colonne de valeur d'association personnelle a été supprimée du
tableau de résultats des arènes.

    * L'arène des Valeureux fait de nouveau partie de la rotation des arènes.
Les joueurs ne commencent plus le match dans les ascenseurs au centre de la
carte mais dans les salles de départ sur les côtés opposés de l'arène.

  * Champs de bataille

    * La colonne de valeur d'association personnelle a été supprimée du
tableau de résultats des champs de bataille cotés et remplacée par une valeur
d'association de l'équipe.

    * L'Œil du cyclone a été ajouté à la rotation des champs de bataille cotés
à 10 joueurs. Le système de capture des points façon « tir à la corde » a été
remplacé par le mécanisme utilisé au bassin Arathi pour mieux correspondre à
la compétition à 10 contre 10. Ce changement s’applique uniquement aux champs
de bataille cotés. Pour le reste, l’Œil du cyclone reste un champ de bataille
à 15 joueurs avec une capture des points façon « tir à la corde ».

    * Le goulet des Chanteguerres fait de nouveau partie de la rotation des
champs de bataille cotés.

    * Jeux de guerre

      * De nombreuses améliorations ont été apportées à l’interface des jeux
de guerre. Cette fonctionnalité dispose désormais de son propre panneau pour
une meilleure utilisation et seuls les chefs de raid/groupe peuvent désormais
défier un autre groupe dans un jeu de guerre.

**[Quêtes et créatures][194]**

  * Il n'y a plus de bizarreries dans les coups critiques et les chances
d'esquive des créatures de bas niveau.

  * Les créatures afficheront désormais une régénération d'énergie régulière
pour les personnages-joueurs.

**[Races][195]**

  * Toutes les races de personnage ont désormais un son pour /rugir.

**[Interface utilisateur][196]**

  * La taille de l'écran Options de l'interface utilisateur a été modifiée
pour correspondre à la taille des écrans Vidéo et Audio. Cette modification
permet d'avoir un panneau de portraits d'unités plus grand.

  * Les addons ne peuvent plus échanger les objets de façon intelligente en
utilisant le gestionnaire d'équipement intégré.

  * L'ordre suivant lequel les personnages sont listés à l’écran de sélection
du personnage peut désormais être modifié et sauvegardé.

  * La barre d'incantation peut maintenant être placée en dessous du portrait
du personnage.

  * La spécialisation de talents des personnages est maintenant visible au
survol de la souris sur le tableau des scores des champs de bataille.

  * L'option Renvoyer le familier est maintenant disponible dans les portraits
d'unités.

  * L'affichage de la durabilité affiche désormais les objets en jaune
lorsqu'ils sont à moins de 20% de durabilité, au lieu de quand ils sont à
5 points de durabilité ou moins.

  * La fenêtre Macros et le grimoire peuvent désormais être ouverts en même
temps, pour permettre une création de macros plus intuitive. La fenêtre Macros
dispose d'un bouton Enregistrer/Annuler.

  * Le pavé de déplacement est une interface de déplacement à la souris qui
est maintenant intégrée dans l’interface de base.

  * Il est maintenant plus facile de changer la langue du client du jeu pour
n'importe quelle langue disponible dans la même région.

  * Une cible ou une cible de focalisation peuvent être sélectionnées dans le
suivi de la minicarte (ne fonctionne pas pour les joueurs ennemis).

  * Les vendeurs indiquent désormais les types de monnaies qu'ils utilisent.

**[Technique][197]**

  * Le launcher Blizzard utilise désormais l'Universal Plug and Play pour
configurer les ports. Si votre routeur est compatible avec l'UPnP, il ouvrira
automatiquement les ports nécessaires et vos téléchargements ne seront pas
limités.

**월드 오브 워크래프트 패치 4.2**

월드 오브 워크래프트의 모든 패치 노트는 다음 경로에서 살펴보실 수 있습니다. [http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game
/patch-notes/ ][198]

**[정령의 속박][199]**

세계수 놀드랏실에서 벌어진 끔찍한 사건 이후 상서롭지 못한 기운이 감돌고 있습니다. 대족장이었던 스랄을 포함한 대지 고리회와 세나리온 의회의
일원들은 아제로스를 위해 놀드랏실을 소생시키고 힘을 합치려고 용의 위상들과 뭉쳤습니다. 그렇지만 베일에 가려진 황혼의 망치단 요원들이 의식을
방해하고, 어둠의 마법으로 스랄을 쓰러뜨려 그 영혼을 정령계의 네 영토에 던져두었다는 소문이 퍼져 나가고 있습니다. 이 끔찍한 소문이
사실이라면 대지 고리회, 아니 아제로스에서 가장 위대한 용사가 쓰러지고 만 것입니다.

**[재생의 땅과 녹아내린 전초지][200]**

나이트 엘프와 동맹들이 라그나로스의 공격을 막아냈지만, 하이잘 산을 지키기 위한 노력은 결코 여기서 끝나지 않습니다. 대드루이드 말퓨리온
스톰레이지는 라그나로스의 영토인 불의 땅을 공격하기 위해, 최근에 정화한 재생의 땅에 있는 말로른의 성소로 동료들을 불러들였습니다. 하이잘의
수호자들은 굳건한 근거지를 세우기 위해 일단 정령계로 들어갔지만, 정령들이 다시 재생의 땅을 맹렬히 공격하면서 그 계획이 위협받고 있습니다.
이런 악재에도 하이잘을 지키는 자들은 흔들리지 않습니다. 하이잘 산의 운명을 쥐고 있는 자가 불의 땅 중심부에 있다는 것을 알기 때문입니다.

**[불의 땅][201]**

라그나로스와의 전투가 눈앞에 다가왔습니다. 하이잘을 지키기 위한 전투는 이제 라그나로스의 불타는 왕국에서 계속됩니다. 아제로스의 용사들은
불의 땅을 점령해 나가며, 역사적인 임무가 기다리는 불의 땅 내부 성소 앞까지 진군하였습니다. 라그나로스의 거처, 설퍼론 요새는 배반자
화염의 드루이드들과 그들의 비밀스러운 지도자를 비롯해 라그나로스의 가장 충직한 심복들이 견고하게 지키고 있습니다. 이제 숨막히는 불과 재로
가득한 땅에 과감히 발을 내딛은 영웅들은 어떤 위험도 피해갈 수 없습니다. 앞으로 치뤄질 전투의 결과가 바로 아제로스의 운명을 결정할
테니까요.

**[용의 분노 - 타렉고사의 안식][202]**

어렴풋이 보이는 푸른용군단의 영토, 마력의 탑 너머에선 그 구성원들이 새로운 지도자 선출 문제로 어려움을 겪고 있습니다. 푸른용군단의
구성원들은 서로 다른 두 후보자인 칼렉고스와 아리고스를 지지하는 파로 각각 나뉘었고, 혼란을 잠재우기 위해 푸른용군단은 아제로스의 희귀한
천체 현상인 월식 기간에 모여 새로운 위상을 최종 선출하기로 하였습니다. 하지만 의식을 앞두고 청동용 아나크로노스는 마력의 탑 주변에서
사악한 기운을 감지했습니다. 만약 영웅이 나타나 이 어둠의 기운과 그 계략이 무엇인지 밝혀내지 못한다면, 아제로스에 불행이 덮칠 것입니다.

**_목차_**

_목차의 링크를 누르면 원하는 부분을 바로 보실 수 있습니다._

  * [일반][6]

  * [업적][7]

  * [직업: 일반][8]

    * [![][203]][10] [죽음의 기사][10], [![][204]][12] [드루이드][12], [![][205]][14]
[사냥꾼][14], [![][206]][16] [마법사][16], [![][207]][18] [성기사][18],

    * [![][208]][20] [사제][20], [![][209]][22] [도적][22], [![][210]][24]
[주술사][24], [![][211]][26] [흑마법사][26], [![][212]][28] [전사][28]

  * [화폐][29]

  * [던전 및 공격대][30]

  * [길드][31]

  * [아이템][32]

  * [전문 기술][33]

  * [명예 시스템][34]

  * [퀘스트 및 몬스터][35]

  * [종족][36]

  * [사용자 인터페이스][37]

  * [기술지원][38]

**일반**

  * 새로운 일일 퀘스트: 재생의 땅과 녹아내린 전초지

    * 하이잘에 새로 추가된 다양한 일일 퀘스트를 수행할 수 있습니다. 여러분은 이 일일 퀘스트를 수행해 하이잘의 수호자들이 라그나로스와
그 부하들을 몰아내고 불의 땅에 전진 기지를 세우는 것을 돕게 됩니다. 재생의 땅과 녹아내린 전초지에서 일일 퀘스트를 수행하려면 하이잘 산
지역에서 아에시나의 기적과 연계된 퀘스트를 모두 완료해야 합니다. 아에시나의 기적 연계 퀘스트를 모두 완료하면 말로른의 성역에 있는
마토클로와 대화해 재생의 땅 퀘스트를 수행하세요.

  * 새로운 연계 퀘스트: 정령의 속박

    * 호드 및 얼라이언스의 용감한 85레벨 모험가 여러분은 스랄을 돕는 새로운 연계 퀘스트를 수행할 수 있습니다. 스톰윈드나 오그리마에
있는 대지제단에서 "세계주술사의 부름" 퀘스트를 수락하면, 스랄을 찾아 놀드랏실 회담이 열리는 장소로 이동하라는 안내를 받을 것입니다.

  * 새로운 공격대 던전: 불의 땅

    * 정령계에 위치한 불의 땅은 영웅 및 일반 난이도로 구성된 새로운 10인 및 25인 공격대 던전입니다! 전투로 단련된 호드와
얼라이언스의 정예 용사들이 하이잘 산의 설퍼론 첨탑을 통해 불의 땅으로 과감히 전진합니다. 지금이 바로 불의 군주 라그나로스와 그의 충복들을
공격할 기회입니다.

  * 새로운 전설급 아이템: 용의 분노 - 타렉고사의 안식

    * 열정적인 공격대원이라면 이제 일련의 퀘스트를 통해 새로운 전설급 지팡이를 만들 수 있습니다. 지팡이를 손에 넣기 위한 여정을
시작하려면 먼저 불의 땅에서 녹아내린 군주를 처치해야 합니다. 녹아내린 군주를 처치하고 나면 오그리마의 그롬마쉬 요새에 있는 지라도르미나
스톰윈드에 위치한 마법사의 성소 꼭대기에 있는 코리도르미에게서 "전설적인 만남" 퀘스트를 받을 수 있습니다. 전설급 아이템 퀘스트를 수행할
수 있는 직업은 드루이드, 마법사, 사제, 주술사, 흑마법사입니다.

  * 새로운 사용자 인터페이스: 던전 도감

    * 던전 관련 정보가 필요하다면 어디서든 게임 화면 하단 메뉴에 새로 생긴 던전 도감 단추를 누르세요. 새로운 시스템인 던전
도감에서는 우두머리에 대한 배경 지식, 상세한 전투 설명, 사용 능력, 전리품을 확인할 수 있습니다. 현재는 대격변 던전 및 공격대 정보만
포함되어 있으며, 향후 업데이트를 통해 더 많은 던전 정보가 추가될 계획입니다.

**[업적][213]**

  * 얼마니, 전투곰?(새로운 업적): 줄아만 영웅 난이도에서 네 명의 사로잡힌 정찰병들이 제물로 바쳐지기 전에 모두 구조하면 업적을
달성할 수 있습니다.

**[직업: 일반][214]**

  * 모든 치유 주문이 극대화 효과를 얻을 때의 치유량이 일반치유량의 1.5배(50%)에서 2배(100%)로 증가합니다.

  * 이제 다시 전투 중에 춤출 수 있으며, 그래픽 오류도 발생하지 않습니다. 다만 춤추기보다 우선순위가 높은 동작(공격 등)을 하는
동안에는 춤추기 동작이 제한됩니다. 춤의 즐거움을 만끽하세요.

  * 강화 효과

    * 각 직업이 갖춘 능력 중 아군 대상에게 강화 효과를 주는 능력은 이제 위협 수준을 전혀 생성하지 않습니다. 이 변경 사항은 야생의
징표와 신의 권능:인내 등 공격대용 강화 효과, 축복받은 탄력성과 서리의 손가락 등 발동형 강화 효과, 검은 의도와 격분 등 단일 대상 강화
효과에 적용됩니다. 가시나 소생같이 직접 피해를 주거나 치유해주는 강화 효과에는 이 변경 사항이 적용되지 않으며, 일반적인 위협 수준을
생성합니다.

  * 군중 제어

    * 여러 군중 제어 기술이 변경되어, 이제 이런 기술을 시전해도 몬스터가 공격을 시작하지 않습니다. 군중 제어 효과의 지속시간이
끝났을 때에도 몬스터는 플레이어를 공격하지 않으며, 주변의 다른 몬스터 역시 플레이어를 공격하지 않습니다. 그러나 군중 제어 효과에 걸린
몬스터에게 너무 가까이 가면, 몬스터는 효과가 풀린 다음에 해당 플레이어를 공격합니다. 던전을 공략하는 플레이어들이 군중 제어 효과를 더
쉽게 분담하고, 준비된 상태에서 전투를 시작할 수 있도록 이런 변경이 이루어졌습니다. 영향받는 기술들은 겨울잠, 휘감는 뿌리, 비룡
쐐기(적이 비룡 쐐기의 피해를 입기 시작하면 이전과 마찬가지로 위협 수준이 생성됩니다.), 빙결의 덫, 변이, 참회, 언데드 속박, 실명,
사술, 정령 속박, 추방, 유혹입니다.

  * 소환수

    * 소환수 태세 중 공격적 태세가 삭제되고 적극적 태세로 교체되었습니다. 적극적 태세는 플레이어가 공격하는 대상을 소환수가 공격하게
합니다. 소환수는 플레이어가 새로운 대상을 몇 초 동안 공격하여 위협 수준을 생성하지 않는 한 대상을 바꾸지 않습니다.

    * 소환수를 방어적 태세로 설정하면 소환수가 자신이나 자신의 주인을 공격하는 적만 공격합니다.

  * 주문 방해

    * 정신의 채찍 또는 얼음 화살과 같은 단일 속성 주문이 시전 도중 방해받을 경우, 플레이어는 정신의 쐐기(냉기 및 암흑)나 얼음불꽃
화살(냉기 및 화염)과 같은 복합 속성의 주문을 시전할 수 있습니다. 그러나 복합 속성 주문 시전 중 방해받으면 각 속성 모두에 주문 방해
효과가 의도한 대로 적용됩니다.

  * 능력치

    * 이제 죽음의 기사, 성기사, 전사가 민첩성을 올려도 회피율에 영향을 받지 않습니다. 기본 회피율은 5%로 고정됩니다.

    * 이제 죽음의 기사, 성기사, 전사가 받고 있는 힘 보너스의 27%만큼이 무기 막기 확률로 적용됩니다. 이는 이전의 25%에서
증가한 수치이며 예전처럼 기본 힘을 넘어선 수치만 계산됩니다.

  * 일반 직업 버그 수정

    * 주문 시전을 실제로는 방해하지 못했는데 이를 방해했다는 메시지가 보이는 현상을 수정했습니다.

    * 태세 전환이 가능한 캐릭터가 탈것에 탔을 때 행동 단축바가 순간적으로 사라지던 문제가 해결되었습니다.

**[![][203]][215] [죽음의 기사][215]**

  * 절멸의 기본 공격력이 무기 공격력의 160%에서 150%로 감소했습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 냉기

      * 갈망의 한기가 이제 1.5초의 시전 시간을 가집니다.

      * 얼어붙은 황무지의 힘으로 증가하는 양손 무기의 공격력이 4/8/12%에서 3/7/10%으로 감소했습니다.

    * 부정

      * 부정한 힘으로 증가하는 힘이 5%에서 20%로 증가했습니다.

  * 문양

    * 문양: 어둠의 원조가 재설계되었습니다. 예전에는 냉기나 부정의 형상을 취한 상태에서 죽음의 일격을 사용하면 최대 생명력의 15%를
회복했지만, 이제는 전투에서 대상을 처치하여 경험치나 명예 점수를 얻은 후 15초 내에 사용하는 다음 죽음의 일격으로 죽음의 기사 최대
생명력의 최소 20%가 회복됩니다. 이 경우에도 여전히 냉기나 부정의 형상이 필요합니다.

  * 죽음의 기사 버그 수정

    * 도살기 특성이 주무기뿐 아니라 보조 무기 공격으로도 정상적으로 발동됩니다.

**[![][204]][216] [드루이드][216]**

  * 드루이드가 힘 1당 얻는 전투력이 2에서 1로 감소하였습니다. 표범이나 곰으로 변신했을 때에는 예전처럼 민첩성 1당 전투력 2를
얻습니다. 표범 형상은 장비 업그레이드에 따른 능력치 향상 비율이 다른 직업에 비해 낮았는데, 이로 인해 더 높은 레벨의 아이템을 사용할 때
공격력이 뒤떨어지는 현상이 발생했습니다. 이 힘 능력치 변경에 따른 공격력 감소를 보완하고 능력치 향상 비율을 개선하고자, 다음 사항을
변경하였습니다. 아래 등장하는 수치는 모두 레벨 85 드루이드 기준입니다.

    * 흉포한 이빨의 피해량이 15%만큼 증가하였습니다. 더불어 이 기술을 사용하는 데 드는 기본 기력이 25로 감소하였으며, 25까지의
기력을 추가로 소비하여 최대 100%의 추가 피해를 줄 수 있습니다.

    * 80 레벨 이상 드루이드가 표범 변신 상태에서 사용하는 짓이기기의 피해량이 무기 공격력의 460%에서 540%로 증가하였고, 추가
피해량이 302로 감소하였습니다.

    * 갈퀴 발톱의 최초 피해량이 주기당 피해량과 같아졌으며, 모든 전투 계산에서 똑같이 취급됩니다. 주기당 피해량이 전투력의
12.6%에서 14.7%로 증가하였으며, 주기당 기본 피해량은 557에서 56으로 감소하였습니다. 현재 이런 변화가 갈퀴 발톱의 툴팁에
정상적으로 반영되지 않는 문제를 인지하고 있으며, 이는 향후 패치에서 수정할 계획입니다.

    * 80 레벨 이상 드루이드가 사용하는 찢어발기기의 피해량이 무기 공격력의 850%에서 950%로 증가하였으며, 추가 피해량이
532로 감소하였습니다.

    * 야생의 포효를 통해 증가하는 근접 자동 공격의 공격력이 50%에서 80%로 증가하였습니다. 문양: 야생의 포효를 통한 추가
증가분은 앞서 언급한 총 공격력의 5%로 변함이 없습니다.

    * 80 레벨 이상 드루이드가 사용하는 칼날 발톱의 피해량이 무기 공격력의 450%에서 540%로 증가하였고, 추가 피해량이 302로
감소하였습니다.

  * 휘감는 뿌리 및 자연의 손아귀로 발동되는 휘감는 뿌리 주문이 피해를 주지 않습니다.

  * 정신 자극이 아군 대상의 최대 마나의 5%를 10초에 걸쳐 회복시킵니다. 하지만 드루이드 자신에게 시전했을 때는 여전히 최대 마나의
20%를 10초에 걸쳐 회복합니다.

  * 청명의 전조로 얻는 번뜩임 강화 효과의 지속 시간이 8초에서 15초로 증가했습니다.

  * 별빛 섬광의 피해가 약 23% 증가하였습니다.

  * 80 레벨 이상 드루이드가 표범 변신 상태에서 사용하는 휘둘러치기의 피해량이 무기 공격력의 670%에서 600%로 감소하였습니다.

  * 천벌의 피해가 약 23% 증가하였습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 조화

      * 대지와 달의 지속시간이 12초에서 15초로 증가하였습니다.

      * 진균 번식의 시각 효과가 예전보다 보기 좋게 바뀌었습니다.

      * 쏟아지는 달빛이 재설계되었습니다. 달빛 섬광을 시전하면 쏟아지는 달빛 효과를 얻어, 달빛 섬광의 직접 피해가
15/30/45%만큼 증가하고 소모되는 마나가 10/20/30%만큼 감소합니다. 이 효과는 3번까지 중복되며 3초 동안 지속됩니다. 쏟아지는
달빛 효과를 얻었을 때 달빛 섬광을 시전하면 8의 태양 에너지를 얻으며, 태양불꽃을 시전하면 8의 달 에너지를 얻습니다. 이렇게 얻는
에너지의 양은 특성에 투자한 포인트 수나 쏟아지는 달빛 효과의 중복 횟수에 관계없이 일정합니다. 일월식 상태의 전환 시점을 늦추고 싶다면,
일월식 막대에 영향을 미치지 않는 기본 기술인 별빛 섬광이나 천벌을 사용해야 합니다.

      * 태양 광선에 새로운 시각 효과가 생겼습니다.

      * 별빛 섬광과 천벌뿐 아니라 야생 버섯: 터뜨리기를 사용했을 때에도 대지와 달이 발동할 수 있습니다.

    * 야성

      * 아이템 레벨이 높은 장비 착용 시 곰 변신 상태에서 드루이드의 공격 기술이 다른 방어 전담 직업에 비해 너무 강력한 문제가
있어, 다음과 같이 밸런스를 조정하였습니다. 언급한 수치는 모두 85 레벨 캐릭터 기준으로, 저레벨 캐릭터의 능력치는 이보다 낮습니다.

        * 요정의 불꽃 (야성)의 기본 공격력이 679에서 2950으로 증가하였지만 전투력에 따른 증가 비율은 15%에서 10.8%로
감소하였습니다.

        * 후려갈기기의 기본 공격력이 8에서 35로 증가하였지만 전투력에 따른 증가비율은 26.4%에서 19%로 감소하였습니다.

        * 파쇄로 입히는 피해가 무기 공격력의 80%가 아닌 60%로 감소하였지만, 가르기 효과 하나당 입히는 피해는 361에서
1623으로 증가하였습니다.

        * 짓이기기 (곰)로 입히는 피해가 무기 공격력의 260%가 아닌 190%로 감소하였지만, 추가 피해는 754에서 3306으로
증가하였습니다.

        * 휘둘러치기의 기본 공격력이 215에서 929로 증가하였지만 전투력에 따른 증가 비율은 17.1%에서 12.3%로
감소하였습니다.

        * 난타로 입히는 최초 피해의 기본 공격력이 339에서 1042로 증가하고, 전투력에 따른 최초 피해의 증가 비율이
19.2%에서 9.82%로 감소하였습니다. 주기적인 피해의 기본 공격력은 189에서 581로 증가하였으며, 전투력에 따른 주기적인 피해의
증가 비율은 3.26%에서 1.67%로 감소하였습니다. 또한 방어도로 인해 난타가 주는 주기적인 피해가 감소하던 버그가 수정되었습니다.

        * 가르기로 입히는 최초 피해의 기본 공격력이 2089에서 3608로 증가하고, 전투력에 따른 최초 피해의 증가 비율이
7.66%에서 5.52%로 감소하였습니다. 주기적인 피해의 기본 공격력은 16에서 69로 증가하였으며, 전투력에 따른 주기적인 피해의 증가
비율은 0.512%에서 0.369%로 감소하였습니다.

      * 자연의 반응력으로 감소되는 피해가 6/12%에서 9/18%로 증가하였습니다.

    * 회복

      * 특화력인 공생이 화합으로 바뀌었습니다. 화합은 직접 치유 효과를 10%만큼 증가시키고, 직접 치유 주문을 시전했을 때 주기적인
치유 효과를 10초 동안 10%만큼 증가시킵니다. 이 보너스 효과는 특화력 1당 1.25%씩 증가합니다. 치유의 손길, 육성, 신속한 치유,
그리고 재생의 최초 치유 효과는 직접 치유로 간주됩니다. 드루이드의 다른 모든 치유 주문은 주기적인 효과로 간주됩니다.

  * 문양

    * 문양: 광폭화를 새기면 광폭화의 지속시간이 5초가 아닌 10초만큼 증가합니다.

    * 문양: 흉포한 이빨이 재설계되어 소비된 기력 10당 최대 생명력의 1%를 회복합니다.

    * 문양: 정신 자극을 새기고 자신이 아닌 아군 대상에게 정신 자극을 시전하면, 정신 자극의 기본 효과와 더불어 시전자가 10초 동안
전체 마나의 10%를 추가로 회복합니다.

  * 세트 효과

    * 조화 특성 드루이드의 공격대용 방어구 11단계 4세트 효과인 행성 정렬이 이제 주문 극대화 확률을 총 15%만큼 증가시킵니다.
3번 사용할 수 있으며, 사용할 때마다 극대화 확률이 5%씩 감소합니다. 기존에는 증가되는 극대화 확률이 99%였고, 사용할 때마다 33%씩
감소했습니다. 이렇게 변경한 까닭은 현 상태로는 이 세트 효과가 너무 뛰어나 플레이어들이 굳이 12단계 세트에 대한 필요를 느끼지 못했기
때문입니다. 대신, 위의 드루이드 직업 부분에 적었듯이 별빛 섬광과 천벌의 효과를 상향 조정하였습니다.

    * 회복 특성 드루이드의 공격대용 방어구 11단계 2세트 효과가 새로운 회복 드루이드 특화력과 함께 작동하도록 재설계되었습니다. 이
세트 효과를 받는 드루이드는 이제 특화력인 화합이 주기적인 치유에 보너스 효과를 줄 때 정신력이 증가합니다.

  * 드루이드 버그 수정

    * 몇몇 우두머리와의 전투에서 드루이드가 최소 사정거리보다 가까이 있는데도 야성의 돌진을 사용할 수 있던 문제가 수정되었습니다.

**[![][205]][217] [사냥꾼][217]**

  * 80 레벨 이상 사냥꾼이 사용하는 일제 사격의 피해량이 무기 공격력의 137%에서 120%로 감소하였습니다.

  * 이제 덫의 효과가 적중, 숙련, 주문 관통력, 전투력 등 사냥꾼의 능력치에 따라 정상적으로 증감합니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 사격

      * 이제 신중한 조준 특성을 연마하면 대상의 생명력이 90% 이상일 때 치명타 적중률 보너스를 받을 수 있습니다. (예전에는
80% 이상이었습니다.)

    * 생존

      * 검은 화살의 공격력이 약 40% 정도 증가하였습니다.

  * 야수

    * 새로운 희귀 야수 10마리가 추가되어, 특별한 야수를 길들일 기회가 생겼습니다. 가장 강력하고 희귀한 야수인 데스틸락을 최초로
길들이는 영광은 과연 어느 사냥꾼이 차지하게 될까요? 녹아내린 전초지와 하이잘 재생의 땅에서 일일 퀘스트를 수행하다 보면 새로운 야수를 모두
만나실 수 있습니다.

    * 끈기 야수의 특성인 가로막기가 재설계되었습니다. 야수가 빠른 속도로 파티원에게 달려가 다음 근접 혹은 원거리 공격을 대신 맞고
야수 전체 생명력의 50%만큼 피해를 감소시킵니다.

**[![][206]][218] [마법사][218]**

  * 비전 작렬의 공격력이 5%만큼 감소했습니다.

  * 이전에는 몰아치는 열기 효과가 활성화되지 않은 상태에서 불덩이 작렬을 시전하면 그렇지 않을 때보다 조금 적은 피해를 주었지만, 이제는
그 피해량이 증가하여 두 경우 모두 같은 양의 피해를 입힙니다.

  * 마법 훔치기에 소비되는 마나가 100%만큼 증가하였습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 화염

      * 충돌을 통해 살아있는 폭탄이 퍼져나가면 두 명이 추가로 살아있는 폭탄이 되며, 가장 최근에 마법사가 살아있는 폭탄으로 삼은
대상이 충돌이 적용된 대상과 같다면 살아있는 폭탄의 효과는 사라지지 않습니다. 여러 명이 살아있는 폭탄이 되었을 경우, 살아있는 폭탄의
효과는 가장 최근에 살아있는 폭탄이 된 대상에 남아 주위 두 명의 대상을 추가로 살아있는 폭탄으로 만듭니다.

    * 냉기

      * 동결과 서리 고리는 이제 서로 점감 효과를 받고 이를 정상적으로 공유합니다.

**[![][207]][219] [성기사][219]**

  * 천상의 빛의 마나 소모량이 기본 마나의 30%에서 35%로 증가하였습니다.

  * 빛의 섬광의 마나 소모량이 기본 마나의 27%에서 31%로 증가하였습니다.

  * 고대 왕의 수호자가 새로 추가된 소환수 태세인 '적극적' 태세로 성기사를 지원합니다.

  * 성스러운 빛의 마나 소모량이 기본 마나의 10%에서 12%로 증가하였습니다.

  * 비난, 천상의 보호막, 신의 가호의 아이콘이 새롭게 바뀌었습니다.

  * 정의의 문장이 이제 단일 대상을 근접 공격할 때뿐 아니라 모든 근접 공격 시에 작동합니다. 이는 정의의 망치(물리 공격) 및 천상의
폭풍에도 해당됩니다. 또한, 정의의 문장으로 입히는 추가 피해가 극대화될 수 있습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 신성

      * 빛의 봉화가 무효화되지 않습니다. 덧붙여, 성스러운 빛을 사용하면 치유한 생명력의 100%만큼, 다른 치유 주문을 사용하면
전과 같이 50%만큼 봉화가 된 대상을 회복시킵니다.

      * 선고가 재설계되었습니다. 퇴마술에 소비되는 마나는 예전과 같이 감소하지만, 신성 충격 시전 시 다음 시전하는 퇴마술은 이제
마나를 소비하며 즉시 시전되지 않습니다. 대신 다음 6초 동안 50/100%의 확률로 퇴마 대상이 극대화 효과를 발휘하지 못하게 합니다. 이
효과는 무효화될 수 있습니다.

      * 신성 충격의 마나 소모량이 기본 마나의 8%에서 7%로 감소하였습니다.

      * 특화력인 빛나는 치유가 조금 수정되었습니다. 만약 성기사가 자신이 발동시킨 빛나는 치유 효과가 유지되는 중에 새 빛나는 치유를
발동시키면, 기존에 남은 흡수량과 새로 발동시킨 흡수량이 더해져 총 흡수량이 결정되며, 지속시간이 초기화됩니다. 총 흡수량은 시전한 성기사가
가진 생명력의 1/3을 초과할 수 없습니다.

      * 빛 주입을 연마하면 성스러운 빛과 천상의 빛뿐 아니라, 추가로 빛의 섬광 시전 시간이 0.75/1.5초만큼 감소합니다. 또한
선고가 더 이상 특정 효과를 발동시키는 유형의 특성이 아니게 되어, 선고의 효과가 발동될 때 사용되던 시각 효과가 빛 주입에 쓰이게
되었습니다.

      * 빛의 속도를 연마하면 신성한 광휘나 신의 가호 시전 시 이동 속도가 증가합니다. 이와 더불어, 신성한 광휘의 재사용 대기시간을
기존 10/20/30초가 아닌, 13/26/40초만큼 줄여줍니다.

      * 빛의 걸음이 기존 효과와 더불어 영광의 서약으로 치유하는 생명력을 30%만큼 증가시킵니다.

    * 보호

      * 헌신적인 수호자에 새로운 시각 효과가 생겼습니다.

      * 빛의 보호로 신성한 방패가 발동하지 않습니다.

      * 정의의 망치 마나 소모량이 성전사의 일격 마나 소모량과 비례하도록 12%에서 10%로 감소하였습니다.

      * 신성한 방패: 특성이 재설계되었습니다. 직접 활성화할 수 있는 기술로 바뀌었으며, 전역 재사용 대기시간을 발생시키지 않습니다.
활성화되면 10초 동안 성기사의 방패 방어량이 20%만큼 증가합니다. 30초의 재사용 대기시간이 있습니다.

      * 현자의 심판 효과가 적중할 때가 아닌 시전할 때 발동됩니다. 즉, 이제 현자의 심판이 빗나가도 마나가 회복됩니다. 이는
적중도가 떨어지는 보호 성기사의 마나가 부족하지 않게 하기 위함입니다.

    * 징벌

      * 취조로 늘어나는 심문의 지속시간이 50/100/150%에서 66/133/200%로 증가하였습니다.

      * 지휘의 문장: 이 특성을 연마하면 정의의 문장을 활성화했을 때 최대 2명이 아닌 근접 대상 모두를 공격합니다.

      * 관대한 치유사가 무효화되지 않으며 마법 훔치기로도 훔쳐지지 않습니다. 또한 기존 효과와 더불어, 영광의 서약 재사용 대기시간이
5/10초 감소합니다.

  * 문양

    * 문양: 진실의 문장을 새기면 정의의 문장을 활성화했을 때에도 숙련도가 10만큼 증가합니다.

**[![][208]][220] [사제][220]**

  * 파멸의 역병: 공격력이 12%만큼 감소하였습니다.

  * 정신 분열: 공격력이 12%만큼 증가하였습니다.

  * 어둠의 마귀가 새로 추가된 소환수 태세인 '적극적' 태세로 사제를 지원합니다.

  * 어둠의 권능: 죽음의 공격력이 12%만큼 증가하였습니다.

  * 어둠의 권능: 고통의 공격력이 12%만큼 감소하였습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 암흑

      * 정신의 채찍: 공격력이 12%만큼 증가하였습니다.

      * 이제 정신적 두려움은 다른 군중 제어 능력과 같이 시전 방향에 신경 쓰지 않아도 됩니다.

      * 죄와 벌: 흡혈의 손길이 무효화될 때 적용되는 두려움 효과가 점감되지 않습니다.

      * 흡혈의 손길: 공격력이 12%만큼 감소하였습니다.

  * 사제 버그 수정

    * 정신 집중 주문 시전 중에 빛샘을 클릭해도 시전이 중지되지 않습니다.

**[![][209]][221] [도적][221]**

  * 그림자 망토의 재사용 대기시간이 90초에서 2분으로 증가하였습니다. 하지만 전역 재사용 대기시간을 발생시키지 않습니다.

  * 전투 준비와 그림자 망토가 재사용 대기시간을 공유합니다.

  * 몬스터에게 실명을 사용하면 효과가 1분 동안 지속됩니다. 플레이어를 대상으로 사용한 실명의 지속시간은 여전히 8초입니다.

  * 은신 상태가 풀렸을 때부터 은신의 재사용 대기시간이 적용됩니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 암살

      * 암살자의 결의로 받는 공격력 보너스가 15%에서 20%로 증가하였습니다.

      * 치명적인 독 연마 시 독으로 입히는 피해가 7/14/20%에서 12/24/36%로 증가하였습니다.

    * 전투

      * 야만적인 전투로 증가하는 전투력이 2/4%에서 3/6%로 증가하였습니다.

      * 활력으로 증가하는 전투력이 25%에서 30%로 증가하였습니다.

    * 잠행

      * 약삭빠름 특성을 연마하면 그림자 망토의 재사용 대기시간이 15/30초만큼 줄어듭니다. 이는 기존의 10/20초에서 증가한
것이며, 전투 준비의 재사용 대기시간 또한 15/30초만큼 줄어듭니다.

      * 과다출혈의 기본 공격력이 40%만큼 증가하였습니다.

      * 출혈 효과가 걸린 대상 공격 시, 붉은 핏줄로 증가하는 피해가 5/10%에서 8/16%로 증가하였습니다.

**[![][210]][222] [주술사][222]**

  * 불꽃 회오리의 공격력이 15%만큼 증가하였습니다.

  * 번개 보호막과 물의 보호막을 무효화할 수 없습니다.

  * 정기 폭발이 자연 계열 주문에 속하게 되었습니다. 이제 주술사의 자연 계열 주문이 주문 잠금 되면 정기 폭발을 사용할 수 없습니다.

  * 바람 폭발의 공격력이 무기 공격력의 125%에서 175%로 증가하였습니다.

  * 물의 보호막의 내부 재사용 대기시간이 다른 보호막과 마찬가지로 3.5초가 되었으며, 물의 보호막의 사용 효과로 회복되는 마나량이
50% 감소하였습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 정기

      * 불꽃의 부름을 연마하면 불꽃 회오리로 공격한 대상에게 걸린 화염 충격 효과의 지속시간이 3/6초만큼 증가합니다.

      * 화염 충격 주문이 무효화될 때 용암 분출 특성에 의해 증가하는 주문 가속이 10/20/30%에서 30/60/90%로
상향되었습니다.

      * 천둥폭풍으로 밀쳐진 플레이어의 이동 속도가 5초 동안 40% 감소합니다.

    * 고양

      * 폭풍의 일격의 공격력이 무기 공격력의 125%에서 225%로 증가하였습니다.

    * 복원

      * 물의 보호막 연마가 재설계되어 회생으로 바뀌었습니다. 물의 보호막이 활성화되었을 때, 직접 치유가 극대화 효과를 발휘하면
마나를 회복합니다. (2 레벨 회생은 과거 물의 보호막 연마가 치유의 물결이나 상급 치유의 물결이 극대화 효과를 발휘했을 때의 약 150%에
해당하는 효과를 보여주며, 시전 시간이 짧거나 다수를 대상으로 한 주문이라면 그에 맞게 마나 회복량이 감소합니다.)

      * 마나 해일 토템으로 증가하는 정신력이 400%에서 200%로 감소하였습니다.

  * 문양

    * 새 상급 문양인 '문양: 번개 촉발'을 새기면 이동하면서 번개 화살을 쓸 수 있습니다.

  * 세트 효과

    * 정기 주술사의 플레이어 간 전투 방어구(천둥주먹의 검투사) 4세트 효과가 재설계되었습니다. 이제 피해를 입어 번개 보호막이
발동되면, 구슬이 사라지는 대신 추가 구슬이 생성되며, 최대 3개까지 축적됩니다, 연쇄 천둥 특성이 있다면 9개까지 축적됩니다.

**[![][211]][223] [흑마법사][223]**

  * 54 레벨에 배울 수 있던 영혼의 불꽃을 이제 20 레벨에 배울 수 있습니다.

  * 영혼 거두기에 새로운 시각 효과가 생겼습니다.

  * 문양

    * 문양: 영혼 바꾸기를 새겼을 때 생기는, 영혼 바꾸기의 재사용 대기시간이 15초에서 30초로 증가하였습니다.

  * 흑마법사 버그 수정

    * 영혼 흡수 시전 중에 전투 상태를 벗어날 수 없습니다.

**[![][212]][224] [전사][224]**

  * 제압에 1.5초의 재사용 대기시간이 생겼으며, 전역 재사용 대기시간의 영향도 받습니다. 피의 맛 특성에 의해 발동한 제압의 재사용
대기시간은 그대로입니다.

  * 이제 무모한 희생과 죽음의 침묵을 동시에 쓸 수 없습니다. 한 기술이 활성화된 상태에서 다른 기술을 쓸 수 없지만, 한 기술을 썼을
때 다른 기술의 재사용 대기시간을 유발하지 않습니다.

  * 태세에 상관없이 보복, 무모한 희생, 방패의 벽을 사용할 수 있습니다.

  * 특성 전문화

    * 무기

      * 양손 무기류 전문화의 공격력이 20%에서 12%로 감소하였습니다.

    * 분노

      * 쌍수 무기 전문화의 공격력이 10%에서 5%로 감소하였습니다.

  * 전사 버그 수정

    * 몇몇 우두머리와의 전투에서 전사가 최소 사정거리보다 가까이 있는데도 돌격을 사용할 수 있었던 문제가 수정되었습니다.

**화폐**

  * 정복 및 명예 점수

    * 캐릭터창의 화폐란에 있는 모든 정복 점수가 명예 점수로 전환되었습니다. 명예 점수 상한선을 초과한 점수는 10 시즌 시작 전에
사용해야 합니다. 10 시즌은 패치가 적용된 다음주에 시작됩니다. 10 시즌이 시작되면 명예 점수 상한선인 4000점을 초과한 점수는 1점당
35 실버로 전환되어 해당 캐릭터에게 우편으로 보내집니다.

    * 투기장 평점이 1500 이하일 때 매주 투기장에서 획득할 수 있는 정복 점수의 상한선이 1350으로 변경되었습니다. 투기장 평점이
3000 이상일 때에는 상한선이 2700입니다. 투기장 상한선은 1350과 2700 사이에서 유동적으로 변경됩니다. (시즌 9에서는 상한선이
1343과 3000 사이에 있었습니다.)

    * 평점제 전장과 투기장에서 얻을 수 있는 정복 점수의 상한선이 구분됩니다. 전장 평점에 의해 정복 점수 상한선이 산출될 때에는
22.2%의 보너스가 있습니다. 따라서 평점제 전장 상한선은 1650과 3300 사이에서 정해집니다. 매주 획득할 수 있는 "총 정복 점수
상한선"은 평점제 전장 상한선과 투기장 상한선 중 높은 값입니다. 하지만 투기장에서 정복 점수를 투기장 상한선까지 얻었거나 평점제 전장에서
정복 점수를 평점제 전장 상한선까지 얻었다면, 해당 방법으로는 정복 점수를 더 획득할 수 없습니다. 전장 주간을 통해 얻는 정복 점수는 다른
상한선이 아닌 "총 정복 점수 상한선" 도달 여부에만 영향을 미칩니다.

      * 예시: 시즌 10의 첫 주에는 모든 플레이어가 평점 1500점 아래에서 시즌을 시작합니다. 따라서 전장 평점에 따른 정복 점수
상한선은 1650점, 투기장 평점에 따른 정복 점수 상한선은 1350점이 될 것입니다. 첫 번째 주에 캐릭터가 투기장 전투에서 여러 번
승리해 정복 점수를 투기장 상한선인 1350까지 얻었다면, 그 주에는 투기장에서 승리해도 정복 점수를 더 얻지 못합니다. 그러나 총
상한선까지는 아직 300점을 더 얻을 수 있습니다. 이 점수는 평점제 전장, 전장 주간 참여, 무작위 전장 참여를 통해 획득해야 합니다.
그다음 주에는 정복 점수 상한선이 캐릭터의 평점에 따라 다시 계산되어, 투기장 평점에 의한 상한선이 전장 평점에 의한 상한선보다 높아질 수도
있습니다. 둘째 주에 캐릭터의 투기장 정복 점수 상한선이 1800점, 평점제 전장 정복 점수 상한선은 1650점이라고 합시다. 이 캐릭터가
그 주에 획득할 수 있는 "총 정복 점수 상한선"은 1800점입니다. 1650점까지는 평점제 전장에서 획득할 수 있지만, 나머지 150점은
다른 방법으로 획득해야만 합니다.

  * 용맹 및 정의 점수

    * 캐릭터창의 화폐란에 있는 모든 용맹 점수가 정의 점수로 전환되었습니다. 정의 점수 상한선을 초과한 점수는 1점당 47 실버로
전환되어 해당 캐릭터에게 우편으로 보내집니다.

    * 일주일 동안 던전이나 공격대에 참여해 얻을 수 있는 최대 용맹 점수가 일주일에 1250점에서 980점으로 감소했습니다.

      * 잔달라의 봉기 던전을 완료해 보상으로 얻는 최대 용맹 점수는 변함없이 980점입니다.

      * 던전을 영웅 난이도로 완료해 보상으로 얻는 최대 용맹 점수는 변함없이 490점입니다.

      * 불의 땅에서 우두머리 하나를 처치할 때마다 얻는 용맹 점수는 10인 공격대에서 120점, 25인 공격대에서는 140점입니다.

      * 바라딘 요새에서 오쿠타르를 처치해 얻는 용맹 점수는 10인 공격대에서 120점, 25인 공격대에서는 140점입니다.

      * 황혼의 요새, 검은날개 강림지, 네 바람의 왕좌에서 영웅 난이도로 우두머리 하나를 처치할 때마다 얻는 용맹 점수는 10인
공격대에서 35점, 25인 공격대에서는 45점입니다.

**[던전 및 공격대][225]**

  * 공격대 설정 기능이 도입되었습니다. 공격대 설정을 사용하면 콘텐츠 종류별로(예: 10인 공격대, 25인 공격대, 전장 등) 공격대창의
사용자 인터페이스 배치를 저장할 수 있습니다.

    * 플레이어가 PvE나 PvP, 특성, 파티 규모 등을 선택하면, 해당 콘텐츠에서 선택한 설정이 자동으로 적용됩니다.

    * 인터페이스 설정에서 공격대창 형태의 파티창 사용을 선택하면 5인 던전 콘텐츠에서도 이용할 수 있습니다.

    * 공격대 설정에서 각 파티를 수직 또는 수평으로 표시할 수 있습니다.

  * 하단 메뉴바에 커뮤니티창의 공격대 항목으로 직접 이동할 수 있는 공격대 버튼이 추가되었습니다.

  * 바라딘 요새

    * 오쿠타르가 우리를 빠져나왔습니다. 바라딘 요새를 점령한 진영의 플레이어는 10인 및 25인 공격대에서 새로운 우두머리인 오쿠타르와
싸울 수 있습니다.

  * 황혼의 요새

    * 일반 난이도에서 아리온, 펠루디우스, 이그나시우스, 테라스트라, 엘레멘티움 괴물의 공격력이 감소했습니다.

    * 승천자의 성소에 속박된 정령이 종류마다 하나씩 적게 생성됩니다.

    * 속박된 폭우의 냉기 소용돌이가 주는 피해가 50% 감소하였습니다.

    * 아리온

      * 연쇄 번개의 공격력과 다른 대상에게 옮겨갈 수 있는 사정거리가 감소했습니다.

    * 초갈

      * 초갈의 생명력 및 근접 공격력, 타락의 추종자의 생명력과 타락, 부패의 충돌, 불타는 파괴, 해방된 어둠의 피해량이 20%만큼
감소했습니다.

      * 부패의 충돌과 타락

        * 부패로 증가하는 오염된 피 수치가 10에서 5로 반만큼 줄었습니다.

      * 고대 신의 피가 주는 오염된 이빨 효력이 감소했습니다.

      * 고대 신의 타락 피해 증가량이 오염된 피 중첩 하나당 3%에서 2%로 감소했습니다.

      * 쇠약의 광선 피해가 20%만큼 감소했습니다.

      * 뒤틀린 헌신의 지속시간이 25%만큼 감소했습니다.

    * 테랄리온과 발리오나

      * 생명력 및 근접 공격력과 황혼 유성, 파멸의 불길, 의식 상실, 불안정한 황혼, 황혼 지대, 황혼 폭발, 근사한 불길의
피해량이 20%만큼 감소했습니다.

    * 엘레멘티움 괴물

      * 불안정한 전기가 입히는 피해가 감소하였습니다.

    * 펠루디우스

      * 물에 젖은 적을 얼리면서 입히는 피해가 감소하였습니다.

    * 할푸스 웜브레이커

      * 생명력과 근접 공격력, 그리고 화염구/화염구 포화, 사나운 포효, 그을리는 숨결, 암흑 회오리가 입히는 피해가 20%만큼
감소하였습니다.

      * 황천의 후예, 점판암 용, 폭풍 날개, 시간의 감독관, 어미 잃은 에메랄드 새끼용의 생명력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 암흑 회오리의 기본 시전 시간이 증가하였습니다.

    * 이그나시우스

      * 솟구치는 불꽃의 중첩당 피해가 5%에서 3%로 감소하였습니다.

    * 테라스트라

      * 단단한 가죽으로 증가하는 물리 공격력이 100%에서 20%로 감소하였습니다.

  * 검은날개 강림지

    * 아트라메데스

      * 생명력 및 근접 공격력과 음파 조절, 울부짖는 화염 숨결, 이글거리는 불길의 피해량이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 일반 난이도에서 음파 조절이 소음 수치를 발생시키지 않습니다.

      * 탐지 음파에 의해 발생하는 소음 수치가 5에서 3으로 감소하였습니다.

    * 키마이론

      * 생명력이 20%만큼, 근접 공격력이 10%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 키마이론은 이제 부식성 진흙을 30초 주기로 17초와 23초 시점에 두 번만 시전합니다.

    * 드라케돈 투견

      * 시간의 쇠퇴가 기절을 유발시키지 않습니다.

      * 동결에 의한 침묵이 이제 3초 동안 지속됩니다.

    * 드워프 왕들의 영혼

      * 소용돌이가 위협수준을 감소시키지 않습니다.

      * 사형 선고는 이제 피해만을 입힙니다.

      * 빛의 방패가 흡수하는 피해량이 줄어들었습니다.

    * 용암아귀

      * 공격력과 생명력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 용암기생충이 약해졌습니다.

      * 용암 내뿜기, 용암, 거대 충돌, 전염성 구토가 입히는 피해량이 감소하였습니다.

      * 생명력 짓이기기가 대상을 즉사시키지 않으며, 입히는 피해량도 감소하였습니다.

      * 기생 감염이 줄어들었습니다.

    * 말로리악

      * 생명력, 공격력, 돌연변이의 생명력과 공격력, 비전 폭풍, 일급 실험체, 순간 빙결과 산산조각, 맹렬한 폭발의 공격력이 모두
20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 돌연변이에게 중첩 적용되는 공격력 강화 효과가 감소하였습니다.

      * 일급 실험체가 시선 집중을 사용하지 않으며, 도발 효과에 면역이 아닙니다.

    * 네파리안

      * 생명력과 근접 공격력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 살아난 뼈다귀 전사가 쓰러지기까지 걸리는 시간이 50초에서 33초로 감소하였으며, 소환되는 수도 줄었습니다.

      * 파열의 회오리 시전 시간이 증가하였습니다.

      * 오색 실험체의 생명력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 감전의 피해량이 30%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 살아난 뼈다귀 전사가 더 적게 생성됩니다.

      * 중첩 효과로 증가하는 용암 피해량이 75%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 네파리안의 생명력과 근접 공격력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 암흑 화로의 시전 빈도가 15초에 1회로 제한됩니다.

      * 오닉시아의 생명력과 근접 공격력이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 암흑불길 탄막의 피해량이 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 꼬리 채찍의 피해량이 50%만큼 감소하였습니다.

    * 만능골렘 방어 시스템

      * 생명력, 근접 공격력, 전하 방출과 번개 전도체의 피해량, 독폭탄의 생명력, 소각 안전 장치의 피해량, 비전 파괴자의 공격력이
모두 20%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 보호막의 흡수량이 100%만큼 증가하였습니다.

      * 마력 변환의 재사용 대기시간이 늘어나, 전환된 힘을 사용할 기회가 줄었습니다.

      * 화염방사기의 피해량이 40%만큼 감소하였습니다.

      * 불안정한 보호막으로 받는 전하 충격의 피해량과 독폭탄의 피해량이 50%만큼 감소하였습니다.

  * 죽음의 폐광

    * 영웅 난이도의 바네사 밴클리프가 대사에 어울리는 매혹적인 목소리로 말합니다.

  * 네 바람의 왕좌

    * 알아키르

      * 15초마다 한 번 중첩되던 산성 비 효과가 20초마다 한 번씩 중첩되도록 변경되었습니다.

      * 감전 기술이 기존 0.5초마다 한 번에서 1초마다 한 번씩 시전되도록 변경되었습니다.

      * 역순환 효과의 지속시간이 20초에서 30초로 증가하였습니다.

      * 알아키르의 생명력과 공격력, 그리고 바람 폭발 기술의 공격력이 모두 20% 감소하였습니다.

      * 번개와 벼락 막대의 재시전 간격이 늘어났습니다.

      * 벼락에 맞은 플레이어가 아군 대상에게 뿜던 번개의 공격력이 절반으로 감소하였습니다.

      * 이제 일반 난이도의 1단계와 2단계 전투에서는 전하 충격을 사용하지 않습니다.

    * 바람의 비밀의회

      * 로하시, 안샬, 그리고 네지르의 근접 공격력과 굶주린 덩굴손의 생명력, 공격력 및 독성 포자 공격력이 20% 감소하였습니다.
싹쓸바람, 진눈깨비 폭풍, 영구 결빙, 거센 칼바람, 그리고 광풍 강타 기술의 공격력도 모두 20% 감소하였습니다.

      * 힘 모으기의 시전 시간이 증가하였습니다.

      * 조각 얼음의 공격력이 20%만큼 감소하였으며, 조각 얼음으로 인한 이동속도 감소 효과가 1중첩당 10%에서 5%로 줄었습니다.
기존 최대 30번에서 이제 최대 10번까지 중첩되도록 변경되었습니다.

      * 바람 한기의 공격력이 20% 줄었으며, 받는 냉기 피해가 1중첩당 5%로 증가하였습니다.

  * 줄구룹

    * 탈것에 탄 채로 모든 가마솥 강화 효과를 받을 수 있습니다.

    * 대여사제 킬나라를 처치하면 불 뿜는 티키 가면 구간이 비활성화됩니다.

    * 대사제 베녹시스를 처치하면 던전 초반에 등장하는 식물의 독이 제거됩니다.

  * 던전 및 공격대 버그 수정

    * 우두머리들이 이제 노움 난쟁이 광선의 축소 효과에 면역입니다.

    * 검은날개 강림지에서 말로리악과 전투를 벌일 때, 처치한 돌연변이 개수가 비정상적으로 초기화 되어 "돌발 행동" 업적이 달성되지
않는 문제를 해결하였습니다.

    * 네 바람의 왕좌에서 안샬의 기분 좋은 산들바람이 소환수들을 비정상적으로 행동하게 만들던 문제가 수정되었습니다.

    * 위치 표시기가 이제 모든 우두머리 전투 단계에서 보입니다.

**[길드][226]**

  * 길드 찾기

    * 하실 말씀 란에 긴 문장을 입력해도 끊기지 않고 화면에 정상적으로 표시됩니다.

  * 하루에 획득할 수 있는 길드 경험치의 상한선이 25% 증가했습니다.

  * 한 주에 획득할 수 있는 길드 경험치의 상한선이 25% 증가했습니다.

  * 길드 경험치 획득량의 상한선이 사라지는 길드 레벨이 23에서 20으로 하향 조정되었습니다.

  * 길드 상인에게서 구매할 수 있는 암흑 불사조의 모습이 개선되었습니다. 이전보다 덜 투명하며 훨씬 더 멋진 모양입니다.

**[아이템][227]**

  * 착용 시 귀속 아이템에 대해 착용자 우선 주사위 굴림으로 설정된 상태에서 플레이어가 입찰 주사위를 굴려 이겼을 때, 아이템은 해당
플레이어에게 귀속됩니다. 차비 주사위를 굴려 이겼을 때는 귀속되지 않은 상태로 아이템을 획득합니다.

  * 공격대용 방어구 11단계 아이템을 이제 정의 점수로 구입할 수 있습니다.

  * 다크문 카드: 싹쓸바람이 활성화되었을 때의 피해가 40% 증가하였습니다. 하지만 주문 극대화가 발생하지 않으며, 플레이어의 장비에
의한 강화 효과를 받지 않습니다.

  * 사용자 인터페이스에 새로운 기능을 구현할 공간을 확보하기 위해 열쇠고리 슬롯이 제거되었습니다.

    * 게임에서 사용되지 않는 열쇠는 플레이어의 소지품에서 제거될 것입니다. 이에 대한 보상으로 각 열쇠의 상점 판매 가격과 같은 금액의
골드가 지급됩니다.

    * 퀘스트 아이템으로 획득해 더는 쓰이지 않는 열쇠는 플레이어의 소지품에서 제거될 것입니다.

    * 플레이어가 아직 사용 중인 열쇠는 일반 소지품 슬롯으로 옮겨집니다. 플레이어의 소지품이 가득 찼을 경우 여유 공간이 확보될 때까지
가상 공간에 보관됩니다. 그 후 플레이어의 소지품에 공간이 확보되면 플레이어가 접속을 종료하거나 지역을 이동할 때 일반 소지품에 나타납니다.

  * 플레이어 간 전투 아이템 및 보상

    * 9 시즌 무기를 이제 명예 점수로 구입할 수 있습니다.

    * 검투사 무기

      * 정복 점수로 살 수 있는 10 시즌 무기는 현 시즌에서 일정량의 정복 점수를 획득한 후에야 살 수 있습니다. 예를 들어 무정한
검투사의 창은 3400의 정복 점수로 살 수 있으나, 그전에 10 시즌에서 총 11650의 정복 점수를 획득해야 합니다.

      * 명예 점수로 살 수 있는 9 시즌 무기는 현 시즌에서 일정량의 명예 점수를 획득한 후에야 살 수 있습니다. 예를 들어 흉포한
검투사의 창은 3400의 명예 점수로 살 수 있으나, 그전에 10 시즌에서 총 18500의 명예 점수를 획득해야 합니다.

      * 무기를 구매할 수 있는 점수를 한 번 획득하면, 표기된 비용을 지불하고 무기를 구매할 수 있습니다. 다시 일정량의 점수를
획득해야 하는 것은 아닙니다.

      * 처음 아이템을 구매하기 위해 필요한 정복 또는 명예 점수는, 상인이 판매하는 무기의 툴팁에서 확인할 수 있습니다.

    * 평점제 전장 보상

      * 새로운 플레이어 간 전투 보상으로 지상 탈것인 흉포한 전투늑대(호드)와 흉포한 전투군마(얼라이언스)가 추가되었습니다. 이
탈것은 투기장 시즌을 기준으로 각 시즌 종료 시 전장 순위 상위 0.5% 이내의 플레이어에게 보상으로 주어지던 기존 방식과는 달리, 평점제
전장에서 각각 75승, 150승, 300승의 업적을 달성한 플레이어에게 보상으로 지급됩니다. 이 보상 시스템은 전장 정신을 더 고무시키기
위해 만들어졌습니다. 평점제 전장에서 각 업적을 달성할 때마다 계정 귀속 탈것 1개가 보상으로 주어지며, 150승과 300승 업적을 달성한
플레이어는 2회째와 3회째에 동일한 탈것을 획득할 수 있습니다. 추가로 획득한 탈것은 계정 귀속 아이템이므로 부 캐릭터에게 보낼 수
있습니다. 흉포한 전투늑대와 흉포한 전투군마는 시즌 종료 보상과는 별도로 관련 업적 달성 즉시 지급됩니다.

    * 세트 강화 효과

      * 대격변 플레이어 간 전투 방어구의 2세트 효과인 탄력도 증가가 중복 적용되지 않습니다. 서로 다른 방어구를 2세트씩
착용하더라도 탄력도 400 상승 효과는 한 번만 적용됩니다. 대격변 이전의 플레이어 간 전투 방어구는 변경되지 않습니다.

**[전문 기술][228]**

  * 기계공학

    * 동물보호협회에서 보호 동물 개체 수를 대폭 늘리면서 수많은 토끼와 다람쥐를 보호 동물로 지정했습니다. 따라서 플린트로크의 땅굴쥐는
“협의”가 이루어지기 전까지 야생 닭을 사용합니다.

  * 무두질

    * 이미 다른 플레이어가 무두질을 하고 있거나 전리품을 획득하는 시체를 대상으로 무두질을 할 수 없습니다.

**[명예 시스템][229]**

  * 투기장

    * 투기장 점수판에서 개인의 상대 검색 값이 삭제되었습니다.

    * 용맹의 투기장에서 다시 경기할 수 있게 되었습니다. 이제 중앙에 있는 승강기가 아닌, 투기장 양쪽 끝에 있는 시작 장소에서 경기를
시작하도록 변경되었습니다.

  * 전장

    * 평점제 전장의 점수판에서 개인의 상대 검색 값이 팀의 상대 검색 값으로 교체되었습니다.

    * 폭풍의 눈을 10인 평점제 전장으로 즐길 수 있습니다. 10 대 10 전투에 더 어울리도록 거점 점령 방식이 아라시 분지처럼
바뀌었습니다. 이 변경은 폭풍의 눈이 평점제 전장일 때에만 적용되며, 일반적인 폭풍의 눈 전장은 여전히 15인 전장으로서 기존 방식을
유지합니다.

    * 전쟁노래 협곡이 평점제 전장에 다시 추가되었습니다.

    * 모의전

      * 모의전 인터페이스가 여러모로 개선되었습니다. 사용상의 편의를 위해 모의전 창이 구현되었으며, 공격대/파티장만이 다른 파티에
모의전을 신청할 수 있습니다.

**[퀘스트 및 몬스터][226]**

  * 저레벨 몬스터의 주문 극대화 및 치명타 적중률과 회피율이 비정상적으로 적용되던 문제가 수정되었습니다.

  * 특정 몬스터의 기력이 회복되는 상황을 실시간으로 확인할 수 있습니다.

**[종족][230]**

  * 누락되었던 /고함 소리가 추가되어, 이제 모든 종족 캐릭터의 /고함 소리를 들을 수 있습니다.

**[사용자 인터페이스][226]**

  * 인터페이스 설정 창이 그래픽 설정 및 음향 설정 창과 같은 크기로 확대되었습니다. 공격대 설정 화면이 깔끔하게 정돈되어 편리하게
사용할 수 있습니다.

  * 게임의 장비 관리자 기능을 끌어다 쓰는 외부 인터페이스로 아이템을 교체할 수 없게 되었습니다.

  * 캐릭터 선택 창에서 캐릭터 순서를 바꿀 수 있으며, 결과가 저장됩니다.

  * 시전바를 캐릭터 초상화 아래로 옮길 수 있습니다.

  * 전장 점수판에 마우스를 올려 캐릭터의 특성 전문화를 확인할 수 있습니다.

  * 개체창에 야수 소환 해제 옵션이 생겼습니다.

  * 아이템 내구도가 일정 수치 이상 떨어질 때, 장비 칸이 노랗게 표시되는 기준이 내구도 5 이하에서 내구도 20% 이하로
변경되었습니다.

  * 매크로 창과 마법책을 동시에 열 수 있게 되어 보다 직관적인 매크로 생성이 가능해졌습니다. 이와 더불어, 매크로 창에 저장/취소
단추가 생겼습니다.

  * 이동 패드는 마우스 클릭으로 캐릭터가 이동하게 하는 인터페이스로서, 이제 기본 인터페이스 안에 포함됩니다.

  * 대상, 또는 주시 대상이 미니맵에 보이게 설정할 수 있습니다. 적 플레이어는 해당되지 않습니다.

  * 상인들이 자신이 취급하는 화폐 종류를 보여줍니다.

**[기술지원][231]**

  * 블리자드 런처의 포트 설정에 유니버설 플러그 앤 플레이(UPnP)를 사용하는 기능이 추가되었습니다. 라우터에서 UPnP를 지원한다면,
필요한 포트를 자동으로 열어 제약 없이 게임을 다운로드할 수 있습니다.

**Обновление игрового мира до версии 4.2**

Описания всех обновлений World of Warcraft можно найти [здесь][232].

**[Власть стихий][233]**

То, что должно было стать благим начинанием, обернулось трагедией. Служители
Земли, участники Круга Кенария, бывший вождь Орды Тралл и благородные аспекты
драконов собрались, чтобы объединить свои силы и восстановить Древо Жизни
Нордрассил на благо всего Азерота. Говорят, что таинственный агент Сумеречного
Молота прервал церемонию и поразил Тралла темной магией, разделив его дух на
четыре части и отправив их в разные области обители стихий... Если эти ужасные
слухи – правда, то это значит, что Служители Земли, да и весь Азерот, лишились
одного из самых великих героев в истории.

**[Молодой лес и Огненная передовая][234]**

Несмотря на то, что ночным эльфам и их союзникам удалось отразить первое
нападение Рагнароса на Хиджал, говорить, что их дела на священной горе
закончены, еще слишком рано. Верховный друид Малфурион Ярость Бури собрал
своих товарищей в Святилище Малорна в Молодом лесу, чтобы спланировать
нападение на владения Рагнароса – Огненные Просторы. Прорвавшись в обитель
стихий, защитники Хиджала надеются основать там свой аванпост. Однако эти
планы оказались под угрозой из-за нашествия яростных элементалей, наводнивших
Молодой лес. Несмотря на это, защитники Хиджала твердо держат свои позиции.
Теперь судьба горы Хиджал должна решиться в пылающих недрах Огненных
Просторов.

**[Огненные Просторы][235]**

Пришло время нанести удар по самому Рагнаросу. Теперь битва за Хиджал бушует в
глубинах огненного царства Рагнароса. Шаг за шагом защитники Азерота
приближаются к твердыне Огненных Просторов, и вскоре им предстоит решить
главную задачу. Крепость Сульфурона, где скрывается Рагнарос, защищают его
самые преданные слуги, включая вероломных друидов пламени с их таинственным
предводителем. Но смельчаки, прорвавшиеся в эти покрытые пеплом земли, не
имеют права отступить ни перед какой опасностью. Исход предстоящей битвы
должен определить судьбу всего Азерота.

**[Гнев Дракона, вечный покой Таресгосы][236]**

Неопределенность царит в Нексусе, обители синих драконов, поскольку драконы
никак не могут прийти к согласию в выборе нового лидера. Драконий род
разделился на две части – одни поддерживают Калесгоса, а другие выступают за
Аригоса. В связи с этим драконы решили собраться во время редкого небесного
события – затмения лун Азерота – в надежде, что тогда наконец смогут избрать
нового аспекта. Однако бронзовый дракон Анахронос почувствовал средоточие
зловещей магии вокруг Нексуса, грозящее сорвать церемонию. И если не появится
смелый герой, готовый узнать, что это за злые силы и каковы их цели, то по
мнению Анахроноса гибель Азерота неизбежна.

**_Содержание_**

_Щелкните по ссылке для перехода к соответствующему разделу._

  * [Общее][6]

  * [Достижения][7]

  * [Классы: общее][8]

    * [![][9]][10] [рыцари смерти][10], [![][11]][12] [друиды][12],
[![][13]][14] [охотники][14], [![][15]][16] [маги][16], [![][17]][18]
[паладины][18]

    * [![][19]][20] [жрецы][20], [![][21]][22] [разбойники][22], [![][23]][24]
[шаманы][24], [![][25]][26] [чернокнижники][26], [![][27]][28] [воины][28]

  * [Валюта][29]

  * [Подземелья и рейды][30]

  * [Гильдии][31]

  * [Предметы][32]

  * [Профессии][33]

  * [PvP][34]

  * [Расы][36]

  * [Пользовательский интерфейс][37]

  * [Техническая информация][38]

**Общее**

  * Новые ежедневные задания

    * На горе Хиджал появилось большое количество абсолютно новых ежедневных
заданий и наград. Игроки смогут помочь Стражам Хиджала дать отпор приспешникам
Рагнароса и организовать аванпост в Огненных Просторах! Для того чтобы
получить доступ к этим заданиям и поучаствовать в развитии событий в Молодом
лесу, игрокам нужно сначала выполнить задания на горе Хиджал вплоть до задания
«Чудо в Роще Эссины», после чего поговорить с Матой Коготь в Святилище
Малорна.

  * Новая цепочка заданий: Власть стихий

    * Для персонажей Орды и Альянса, достигших 85-го уровня, доступна новая
цепочка заданий, в которой отважные искатели приключений должны спасти Тралла.
Стартовое задание цепочки, «Зов шамана», за которым последует «Встреча у
Нордрассила», можно получить в Штормграде или в Оргриммаре, в Восточном или
Западном святилищах Земли соответственно.

  * Новая рейдовая зона: Огненные просторы

    * Огненные просторы – это совершенно новая рейдовая зона в Обители стихий,
которая доступна для рейдовых групп из 10 и 25 игроков в нормальном и
героическом режиме. Закаленные в боях ветераны Орды и Альянса теперь получат
возможность повергнуть самого Рагнароса Повелителя Огня и его верных
прислужников, проникнув в их владения через Шпиль Сульфурона на горе Хиджал.

  * Новый легендарный предмет: Гнев Дракона, вечный покой Таресгосы

    * Самые упорные рейдеры получат возможность выполнить цепочку заданий на
получение нового легендарного посоха для заклинателей. Чтобы приступить к этой
задаче, игроки должны убить Огненного повелителя в Огненных просторах, после
чего они смогут получить стартовое задание «Легендарная миссия» у Зирадорми в
крепости Громмаш в Оргриммаре или у Корридорми в Башне магов в Штормграде.
Цепочка заданий, посвященная легендарному предмету, будет доступна только
друидам, магам, жрецам, шаманам и чернокнижникам.

  * Новый элемент пользовательского интерфейса: Атлас подземелий

    * Теперь вся информация о подземельях будет у вас под рукой благодаря
новому Атласу подземелий. Открыть его можно с помощью кнопки на панели
навигации, которая работает во всем игровом мире. Атлас содержит историческую
информацию, подробности боя, способности и добычу с каждого босса, внесенного
в этот каталог (в настоящий момент он содержит в себе все подземелья и рейды
дополнения Cataclysm). В следующих обновлениях игры планируется добавить в
атлас новые подземелья.

**[Достижения][237]**

  * Появилось новое достижение «Пробежка рысцой», которое можно получить, если
вы успели спасти всех четверых узников в Зул'Амане в героическом режиме, пока
их не принесли в жертву.

**[Классы: общее][238]**

  * Все критические целительные эффекты теперь восполняют в 2 раза больше
здоровья по сравнению с обычным исцелением (+100%), а не в 1,5 раза, как
раньше (+50%).

  * Игроки снова могут танцевать во время битвы и это не вызывает ошибок
графического отображения. Другие типы анимаций, например, атаки, будут иметь
приоритет перед анимациями танца. Анимация танца не будет отображаться до тех
пор, пока не завершатся анимации более высокого приоритета. На удовольствие от
танца внесенные изменения не повлияли.

  * Положительные эффекты

    * Все классовые способности, которые накладывают на дружественные цели
положительный эффект, больше не увеличивают угрозу. Это относится к рейдовым
положительным эффектам, например, «Знаку дикой природы» и «Слову силы:
Стойкость», срабатывающим при определенных условиях эффектам, например,
«Благословенной устойчивости» и «Ледяным пальцам» и к эффектам, действующим на
единичную цель, например, «Узам Тьмы» и «Нечестивому бешенству». Исключение
составляют те положительные эффекты, которые явным образом наносят урон или
исцеляют, например, «Шипы» или «Обновление». Эти и другие подобные способности
будут по-прежнему создавать угрозу.

  * Контроль

    * Принцип действия многих эффектов контроля был изменен таким образом, что
из-за действия данных эффектов враждебные NPC больше не будут нападать на
заклинателя. Однако если игрок подойдет слишком близко к NPC, находящемуся под
действием подобного эффекта, NPC запомнит это и атакует его после окончания
действия эффекта. Данные изменения реализованы для того, чтобы группам в
подземельях было проще управлять эффектами контроля и справляться с группами
враждебных NPC. Изменениям подверглись следующие способности: «Спячка», «Гнев
деревьев», «Укус виверны» (при нанесении цели урона по-прежнему вызывает
враждебность), «Замораживающая ловушка», «Превращение», «Покаяние»,
«Сковывание нежити», «Ослепление», «Сглаз», «Сковать элементаля», «Изгнание» и
«Соблазн».

  * Питомцы

    * Тип поведения питомца «Агрессия» был заменен типом поведения
«Поддержка». При использовании этого типа поведения питомец будет атаковать
цели своего хозяина. Менять цель питомец будет только в том случае, если его
хозяин атакует новую цель в течение нескольких секунд.

    * При использовании типа поведения «Защита» питомец будет атаковать только
тех врагов, которые нападают на него или его хозяина.

  * Прерывания произнесений заклинаний

    * Теперь, если игрок попал под действие эффекта прерывания произнесения
заклинаний, произнося заклинание одной школы, как, например, «Пытка разума»
или «Ледяная стрела», то он все равно сможет произносить заклинания,
относящиеся к двум школам, как, например, «Пронзание разума» (школы магии льда
и темной магии) или «Стрела ледяного огня» (школы магии льда и огня). Если же
игрок попадет под действие эффекта прерывания произнесения заклинаний, читая
заклинание, относящееся к двум школам, то прерывание будет действовать на
заклинания всех соответствующих школ, как и должно быть.

  * Характеристики

    * Ловкость больше не дает паладинам, воинам и рыцарям смерти никаких
бонусов к вероятности уклонения. Теперь базовая вероятность уклонения для этих
классов фиксирована и составляет 5%.

    * Теперь у паладинов, воинов и рыцарей смерти бонус от силы (сверх ее
базового значения) к рейтингу парирования составляет 27%, а не 25%, как
раньше.

  * Исправленные неполадки

    * Больше игроки не будут получать сообщения о том, что они прервали
произнесение заклинания, если на самом деле они этого не делали.

    * Панели команд больше не будут кратковременно пропадать, когда персонаж с
активной панелью переключения стоек садится в средство передвижения.

**[![][9]][239] [Рыцари смерти][239]**

  * Способность «Уничтожение» теперь наносит 150% урона от оружия, а не 160%,
как раньше.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Лед

      * Теперь произнесение заклинания «Ненасытная стужа» требует времени,
которое составляет 1,5 секунды.

      * Теперь талант «Власть Ледяных Пустошей» увеличивает урон, наносимый
двуручным оружием, на 3/7/10%, а не на 4/8/12%, как раньше.

    * Нечестивость

      * Теперь «Нечестивое могущество» увеличивает силу на 20%, а не на 5%,
как раньше.

    * Символы

      * Изменено действие символа темной опеки. Раньше этот символ
гарантировал, что «Удар смерти» восстановит не менее 15% от запаса здоровья
рыцаря смерти, находящегося под властью льда или нечестивости. Теперь этот
символ гарантирует, что «Удар смерти», нанесенный в течение 15 секунд после
убийства противника, приносящего опыт или очки чести, восстановит минимум 20%
от максимального запаса здоровья рыцаря смерти (игроку все еще требуется
находиться под властью льда или нечестивости).

  * Исправления, связанные с рыцарями смерти

    * Теперь талант «Машина для убийств» корректно срабатывает после атак как
правой, так и левой рукой.

**[![][11]][240] [Друиды][240]**

  * Теперь за каждую единицу силы друиды получают +1 к силе атаки, а не +2,
как раньше. Находясь в облике кошки или медведя, друиды продолжают получать +2
к силе атаки за каждую единицу ловкости. Кроме того, в облике кошки друиды
получали меньше бонусов за единицу прироста уровня экипировки, чем другие
классы, и из-за этого все больше отставали по урону. Для компенсации изменения
силы атаки и улучшения бонусов от прироста уровня экипировки были произведены
следующие изменения:

    * Урон от способности «Свирепый укус» был увеличен на 15%. Кроме того, для
применения способности теперь требуется 25 единиц энергии, что меньше, чем
раньше, а сама она может поглощать до 25 единиц энергии сверх базовой
стоимости, за счет чего урон может быть увеличен до 100%.

    * Урон от способности «Увечье» (облик кошки) для игроков 80-го уровня и
выше был увеличен. Теперь он составляет 540% урона от оружия, а не 460%, как
раньше. Дополнительный урон от этой способности был уменьшен до 320.

    * Первоначальный урон от способности «Глубокая рана» теперь равен ее
периодическому урону за каждый такт при любых условиях. Периодический урон
теперь увеличен на 14,7% от значения силы атаки, а не на 12,6%, как раньше, а
базовое значение периодического урона уменьшено с 557 до 56 за такт. Текст
подсказки способности «Глубокая рана» в данный момент отображается некорректно
и не отражает данные изменения. Это будет исправлено в одном из следующих
обновлений.

    * Урон от способности «Накинуться» для игроков 80-го уровня и выше был
увеличен. Теперь он составляет 950% урона от оружия, а не 850%, как раньше.
Дополнительный урон от этой способности был уменьшен до 532.

    * Способность «Дикий рев» теперь увеличивает наносимый автоматической
атакой урон на 80% вместо 50%. Символ дикого рева по-прежнему увеличивает
данный урон дополнительно на 5%.

    * Урон от способности «Полоснуть» для игроков 80-го уровня и выше был
увеличен. Теперь он составляет 540% урона от оружия, а не 450%, как раньше.
Дополнительный урон от этой способности был уменьшен до 302.

  * «Гнев деревьев» и аналогичный ему эффект, срабатывающий после
использования способности «Хватка природы», больше не наносят урона.

  * Способность «Озарение» теперь позволяет цели восполнять ману в объеме 5%
от ее максимального запаса за 10 секунд. В случае, если объектом применения
способности является сам друид, она по-прежнему позволяет восполнять ману в
объеме 20% от его максимального запаса за 10 секунд.

  * Длительность эффекта «Ясность мысли», вызванного талантом «Знамение
ясности», теперь составляет 15 секунд, а не 8, как раньше.

  * Урон от заклинания «Звездный огонь» увеличен примерно на 23%.

  * Урон от способности «Размах» (облик кошки) для игроков 80-го уровня и выше
был уменьшен. Теперь он составляет 600% урона от оружия, а не 670%, как
раньше.

  * Урон от заклинания «Гнев» увеличен примерно на 23%.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Баланс

      * Длительность эффекта «Земля и Луна» была увеличена с 12 до 15 секунд.

      * Визуальное отображение эффекта «Микоз» было изменено, теперь оно
выглядит лучше и меньше мешает игрокам.

      * Изменено действие таланта «Лунный поток». При произнесении заклинания
«Лунный огонь» друид вызывает эффект «Лунный поток». Он увеличивает прямой
урон, наносимый заклинанием друида «Лунный огонь», на 15/30/45% и снижает
затраты маны на его произнесение на 10/20/30%. Эффект суммируется до 3 раз и
длится 3 секунды. Во время действия эффекта «Лунный поток» при произнесении
заклинания «Лунный огонь» друид получает 8 единиц солнечной энергии, а при
произнесении заклинания «Солнечный огонь» – 8 единиц лунной энергии.
Количество получаемой солнечной или лунной энергии не зависит от количества
очков, вложенных в этот талант, и количества зарядов «Лунного потока». Если
друид хочет задержать переход в состояние затмения (или выход из него), то он
должен использовать одну из двух своих основных атак, которые не имеют влияния
на скорость наступления затмений (либо «Звездный огонь», либо «Гнев»).

      * У таланта «Столп солнечного света» появился новый визуальный эффект.

      * «Дикий гриб»: после взрыва диких грибов теперь также может сработать
эффект «Земля и Луна», как это уже делают заклинания «Звездный огонь» и
«Гнев».

    * Сила зверя

      * По сравнению с другими «танками» урон от способностей друидов,
используемых в облике медведя, рос слишком быстро с улучшением экипировки,
поэтому в баланс были внесены некоторые изменения. Все приведенные ниже цифры
относятся к персонажам 85-го уровня. Для персонажей более низких уровней
значения будут ниже.

        * Базовый урон от способности «Волшебный огонь» (облик зверя) теперь
составляет 2950, а не 679, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки теперь
составляет 10,8%, а не 15%, как раньше.

        * Базовый урон от способности «Трепка» теперь составляет 35, а не 8,
как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки теперь составляет 19%, а не 26,4%, как
раньше.

        * Коэффициент урона от оружия способности «Смять» теперь составляет
60%, а не 80%, как раньше. За каждый заряд эффекта «Растерзать» эта
способность теперь наносит 1623 единицы урона, а не 361, как раньше.

        * Способность «Увечье» (облик медведя) теперь наносит 190% урона от
оружия, а не 260%, как раньше. Величина дополнительного урона теперь
составляет 3306 единиц, а не 754, как раньше.

        * Базовый урон от способности «Размах» теперь составляет 929 единиц, а
не 215, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки теперь составляет 12,3%, а не
17,1%, как раньше.

        * Базовый начальный урон от способности «Взбучка» теперь составляет
1042 единицы, а не 339, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки для первоначального
урона был понижен до 9,82% с 19,2%. Базовый периодический урон теперь
составляет 581 единицу, а не 189, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки для
периодического урона был понижен до 1,67% с 3,26%. Исправлен следующий
недочет: теперь показатели брони больше не уменьшают периодический урон,
наносимый этой способностью.

        * Базовый начальный урон от способности «Растерзать» теперь составляет
3608 единиц, а не 2089, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки для первоначального
урона был понижен до 5,52% с 7,66%. Базовый периодический урон теперь
составляет 69 единиц, а не 16, как раньше. Коэффициент силы атаки для
периодического урона был понижен до 0,369% с 0,512%.

      * Теперь талант «Безусловный рефлекс» уменьшает получаемый урон на
9/18%, а не на 6/12%, как раньше.

    * Исцеление

      * Искусность «Симбиоз» была удалена из игры и заменена искусностью
«Гармония». «Гармония» увеличивает прямое исцеление на дополнительные 10% и
дает бонус 10% к периодическому исцелению в течение 10 секунд после применения
друидом заклинания прямого исцеления. Каждое очко искусности увеличивает оба
бонуса на дополнительные 1,25%. С точки зрения этой искусности заклинаниями
прямого исцеления считаются «Целительное прикосновение», «Покровительство
Природы», «Быстрое восстановление» и первоначальный целительный эффект
способности «Восстановление». Все прочее исцеление друида считается
периодическим.

  * Символы

    * Символ берсерка увеличивает время действия способности «Берсерк» на 10
секунд, а не на 5, как раньше.

    * Изменено действие символа свирепого укуса. Теперь благодаря этому
символу способность «Свирепый укус» позволяет заклинателю восполнять 1% от
максимального запаса здоровья за каждые 10 единиц энергии, использованные этой
способностью.

    * Теперь, если друид применяет способность «Озарение» к дружественной
цели, символ озарения позволяет ему восполнять 10% маны от ее максимального
запаса в дополнение к основным эффектам «Озарения».

  * Комплекты предметов

    * Бонус PvE-комплекта из 4 предметов 11-й ступени для друида со
специализацией «Баланс», «Парад созвездий», теперь повышает вероятность
критического эффекта заклинаний на 15% и имеет три заряда. С каждым
срабатыванием вероятность уменьшается на 5% (ранее вероятность повышалась на
99% и уменьшалась на 33% с каждым критическим ударом). Раньше этот бонус был
настолько значительным, что мешал игрокам переходить на комплекты 12-й
ступени. В качестве компенсации был изменен урон от заклинаний «Звездный
огонь» и «Гнев» (см. раздел «Изменения в талантах»).

    * Комплект 11-й ступени из 2 предметов брони для друида со специализацией
«Исцеление»: этот комплект предметов был переработан, чтобы отвечать новой
искусности друидов со специализацией «Исцеление». Теперь данный комплект дает
друидам бонус к духу во время действия бонуса искусности «Гармония».

  * Исправления, связанные с друидами

    * Раньше в некоторых сражениях можно было использовать «Звериный рывок» в
тех случаях, когда расстояние от друида до цели было меньше минимального
допустимого значения. Эта неполадка была устранена.

**[![][13]][241] [Охотники][241]**

  * Урон от способности «Залп» был уменьшен. Теперь она наносит 120% урона от
оружия для игроков 80-го уровня и выше, а не 137%, как раньше.

  * Характеристики охотника, такие как меткость, мастерство, проникающая
способность заклинаний и сила атаки, теперь корректно влияют на урон от
ловушек охотника.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Стрельба

      * Способность «Верная цель» теперь повышает вероятность критического
эффекта, если уровень здоровья цели выше 90%, а не 80%.

    * Выживание

      * Урон, наносимый «Черной стрелой», был увеличен примерно на 40%.

  * Питомцы

    * В игру были добавлено 10 новых, редких зверей, каждого из которых будет
очень сложно приручить. Сможете ли вы стать первым охотником, который укротит
Мер'тилака, самого редкого и свирепого зверя? Но прежде чем вы получите доступ
ко всем новым питомцам, вам придется сделать множество ежедневных заданий в
Молодом лесу и на Огненной передовой.

    * Изменено действие таланта питомца «Вмешательство» (специализация
«Упорство»). Питомец бросается к участнику группы, снижая урон следующей
направленной против этого участника атаки ближнего или дальнего боя на 50% от
общего запаса здоровья питомца.

**[![][15]][242] [Маги][242]**

  * Урон от заклинания «Чародейская вспышка» уменьшен на 5%.

  * «Огненная глыба»: раньше это заклинание наносило немного больше урона при
использовании во время срабатывания таланта «Путь огня». Теперь количество
урона, наносимого этим заклинанием без срабатывания таланта «Путь огня»,
увеличено, вследствие чего в обоих случаях «Огненная глыба» наносит одинаковое
количество урона.

  * Затраты маны на применение заклинания «Чарокрад» выросли на 100%.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Огонь

      * «Сотрясение»: эффект «Живая бомба», вызванный этим талантом, теперь
будет распространяться лишь на две дополнительные цели. Если цель подвержена
последнему наложенному эффекту «Живой бомбы» и также является целью для
эффекта накладываемого «Сотрясением», то эффект больше не будет сниматься с
этой цели. Если ли же в момент срабатывания «Сотрясения» под действием «Живой
бомбы» находится несколько целей, эффект «Живой бомбы» останется активным
только на той цели, к которой он был применен в последнюю очередь, а также
будет наложен на две другие ближайшие цели.

    * Лед

      * Теперь применение одного из заклинаний «Глубокая заморозка» или
«Кольцо мороза» вызывает снижение действенности повторяющихся эффектов для
второго в дополнение к тем заклинаниям, на которые они влияли подобным образом
и раньше.

**[![][17]][243] [Паладины][243]**

  * Затраты маны на применение способности «Божественный свет» теперь
составляют 35% от базового запаса маны, а не 30%, как раньше.

  * Затраты маны на применение способности «Вспышка Света» теперь составляют
31% от базового запаса маны, а не 27%, как раньше.

  * Защитник древних королей использует новый тип поведения «Поддержка».

  * Затраты маны на применение способности «Свет небес» теперь составляют 12%
от базового запаса маны, а не 10%, как раньше.

  * У способностей «Укор», «Божественный щит» и «Божественная защита»
появились новые значки.

  * Теперь «Печать праведности» срабатывает при любой атаке ближнего боя, а не
только при атаке, действующей на одну цель. Таким образом, теперь «Печать
праведности» срабатывает также после использования «Молота праведника» (только
физический урон) и «Божественной бури». Кроме того, теперь урон от «Печати
праведности» может быть критическим.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Свет

      * «Частицу Света» больше нельзя рассеять. Кроме того, теперь при
использовании заклинания «Свет небес» наделенный «Частицей Света» персонаж
восстанавливает здоровье в размере 100% от здоровья, восстанавливаемого
основной целью. Объем здоровья, восстанавливаемого «Частицей Света» при
использовании других целительных заклинаний, остается 50%.

      * Изменено действие таланта «Обличение». Он по-прежнему снижает затраты
маны на применение заклинания «Экзорцизм». Однако теперь заклинание «Шок
небес» больше не оказывает никакого влияние на последующее заклинание
«Экзорцизм» (раньше с вероятностью 25/50% заклинание «Экзорцизм»,
произнесенное после «Шока небес», произносилось мгновенно и не требовало
затрат маны). Вместо этого данный талант с вероятностью 50/100% не позволит
способностям цели «Экзорцизма» вызывать критические эффекты в течение
последующих 6 секунд. Данный эффект может быть рассеян.

      * Затраты маны на применение способности «Шок небес» теперь составляют
7% от базового запаса маны, а не 8%, как раньше.

      * Искусность «Озаряющее исцеление» была слегка изменена: теперь когда
паладин обновляет действующий эффект «Озаряющее исцеление» на цели, новый
объем поглощения суммируется со старым, и время действия обновляется.
Количество поглощаемого урона не может превышать 1/3 от здоровья паладина.

      * Талант «Прилив Света» теперь может сократить время произнесения
последующего заклинания «Вспышка Света» на 0,75/1,5 секунд в дополнение к
заклинаниям «Свет небес» и «Божественный свет». Кроме того, этот талант
получил графическое отображение срабатывания таланта, ранее принадлежавшее
таланту «Обличение», в связи с изменением действия последнего.

      * Теперь талант «Скорость Света» увеличивает скорость передвижения после
произнесения заклинаний «Святое сияние» и «Божественная защита». Кроме того,
теперь этот талант уменьшает время восстановления способности «Святое сияние»
на 13/26/40 секунд, а не на 10/20/30, как раньше.

      * Теперь «Путь Света» в дополнение к своим имеющимся эффектам
увеличивает количество здоровья, восстанавливаемого «Торжеством», на 30%.

    * Защита

      * У способности «Ревностный защитник» новый визуальный эффект.

      * Талант «Под защитой Света» больше не имеет никакого влияния на
способность «Щит небес».

      * Затраты маны на применение способности «Молот праведника» теперь
составляют 10% от базового запаса маны, а не 12%, как раньше, для приведения в
соответствие со способностью «Удар воина Света».

      * Изменено действие таланта «Щит небес». Теперь этот талант является
активируемой способностью, не учитываемой в общем времени восстановления. Она
увеличивает количество блокируемого щитом паладина урона на 20% на 10 секунд и
имеет время восстановления, составляющее 30 секунд.

      * Талант «Мудрое правосудие» теперь срабатывает после любых попыток
совершить «Правосудие», то есть, даже если «Правосудие» не достигло цели,
«Мудрое правосудие» все равно восстановит ману паладина. Это было сделано для
того, чтобы паладины со специализацией талантов «Защита» не испытывали
недостатка маны, если у них недостаточный рейтинг меткости.

    * Воздаяние

      * Талант «Допрос с пристрастием» теперь увеличивает время действия
заклинания «Дознание» на 66/133/200%, а не на 50/100/150%, как раньше.

      * Теперь при изученном таланте «Печать повиновения» способность «Печать
праведности» будет наносить урон неограниченному количеству дополнительных
целей в ближнем бою, а не двум, как раньше.

      * Эффект «Самоотвержение» больше нельзя рассеять, а также его эффект
больше не может быть украден при помощи способности «Чарокрад». Кроме того, в
дополнение к имеющимся эффектам данный талант снижает время восстановления
заклинания «Торжество» на 5/10 секунд.

    * Символы

      * Символ печати правды: теперь бонус к мастерству, получаемый благодаря
этому символу, действует и в случае активной «Печати праведности».

**[![][19]][244] [Жрецы][244]**

  * Урон от способности «Всепожирающая чума» был уменьшен на 12%.

  * Урон от способности «Взрыв разума» был увеличен на 12%.

  * Теперь исчадие Тьмы использует тип поведения «Поддержка».

  * Урон от способности «Слово Тьмы: Смерть» был увеличен на 12%.

  * Урон от способности «Слово Тьмы: Боль» был уменьшен на 12%.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Тьма

      * Урон от способности «Пытка разума» был увеличен на 12%.

      * Для применения заклинания «Глубинный ужас» больше не требуется
находиться лицом к цели, что уравнивает его с прочими эффектами контроля
мгновенного действия (без задержки, обусловленной расстоянием до противника).

      * «Грех и покарание»: теперь эффект паники, накладывающийся на цели
после рассеивания «Прикосновения вампира», больше не влечет за собой снижения
действенности повторяющихся эффектов.

      * Урон от способности «Прикосновение вампира» был уменьшен на 12%.

  * Исправления, связанные со жрецами

    * Использование колодца Света больше не будет вызывать преждевременного
прекращения действия поддерживаемых заклинаний.

**[![][21]][245] [Разбойники][245]**

  * Время восстановления способности «Плащ Теней» теперь составляет 2 минуты,
а не 90 секунд, как раньше. Кроме того, эта способность теперь не учитывается
в общем времени восстановления.

  * Способности «Боевая готовность» и «Плащ Теней» теперь имеют общее время
восстановления.

  * Эффект «Ослепление» теперь действует на NPC в течение 1 минуты, а на
игровых персонажей – 8 секунд, как и раньше.

  * Теперь отсчет времени восстановления способности «Незаметность» снова
начинается в тот момент, когда разбойник выходит из состояния незаметности.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Ликвидация

      * Способность «Решимость ликвидатора» теперь увеличивает урон на 20%, а
не на 15%, как раньше.

      * Талант «Тлетворные яды» теперь увеличивает урон от ядов на 12/24/36%,
а не на 7/14/20%, как раньше.

    * Бой

      * Талант «Жар битвы» теперь повышает силу атаки на 3/6%, а не на 2/4%,
как раньше.

      * Теперь «Живучесть» повышает силу атаки на 30%, а не на 25%, как
раньше.

    * Скрытность

      * Теперь талант «Неуловимость» сокращает время восстановления
способности «Плащ Теней» на 15/30 секунд, а не на 10/20, как раньше. Кроме
того, эта способность сокращает время восстановления способности «Боевая
готовность» на 15/30 секунд.

      * Базовый урон способности «Кровоизлияние» увеличен на 40%.

      * Теперь талант «Вспарывание вен» увеличивает урон, наносимый истекающим
кровью целям, на 8/16%, а не на 5/10%, как раньше.

**[![][23]][246] [Шаманы][246]**

  * Урон от способности «Кольцо огня» увеличен на 15%.

  * «Щит молний» и «Водный щит» больше нельзя рассеять.

  * Способность «Высвободить чары стихий» теперь относится к магии сил природы
и поэтому больше не может использоваться, если шаману недоступны заклинания
этой школы.

  * Заклинание «Высвободить чары воздуха» теперь наносит 175% урона от оружия,
а не 125%.

  * Минимальное время между срабатываниями эффекта «Водный щит» уменьшено до
3,5 секунд для приведения в соответствие с другими типами щитов шамана. Объем
маны, восполняемой при срабатывании «Водного щита», был уменьшен на 50%.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Стихии

      * Теперь при изученном таланте «Зов пламени» способность «Кольцо огня»
также на 3/6 секунд увеличивает время действия эффекта «Огненный шок» на цели,
получающие урон от «Кольца огня».

      * Талант «Потоки лавы» теперь увеличивает скорость произнесения
заклинаний при рассеивании заклинания «Огненный шок» на 30/60/90%, а не на
10/20/30%, как раньше.

      * Талант «Гром и молния» теперь снижает скорость передвижения игроков,
которых он отбрасывает в сторону, на 40% в течение 5 секунд.

    * Совершенствование

      * Теперь «Удар бури» наносит 225% урона от оружия, а не 125%, как
раньше.

    * Исцеление

      * Талант «Улучшенный водный щит» был переработан и теперь называется
«Упоение». Во время действия «Водного щита» этот талант позволяет
восстанавливать ману при критическом эффекте исцеляющих заклинаний прямого
действия (эффект от 2-го уровня «Упоение» приблизительно равен 150% эффекта
бывшего «Улучшенного водного щита», срабатывавшего при критическом эффекте
заклинаний «Волна исцеления» или «Великая волна исцеления», и уменьшен на
соответствующую величину для более быстрых заклинаний или заклинаний,
применимых к множественным целям).

      * Талант «Прилив маны» теперь повышает дух всего рейда на величину,
равную 200% духа заклинателя, а не 400%, как раньше.

  * Символы

    * Символ освобожденной молнии (новый основной символ) теперь позволяет
произносить заклинание «Молния» в движении.

  * Комплекты предметов

    * Был изменен бонус от 4 предметов из комплекта брони шамана со
специализацией «Стихии» для PvP (Громовой кулак гладиатора). Теперь благодаря
этому бонусу, когда шаман получает урон, число зарядов «Щита молний»
увеличивается вплоть до 3 (или до 9 с изученным талантом «Громовые раскаты»).

**[![][25]][247] [Чернокнижники][247]**

  * Заклинание «Ожог души» теперь доступно на 20-м уровне, а не на 54-м.

  * У способности «Жатва душ» появился новый графический эффект.

  * Символы

    * Время восстановления, получаемое способностью «Обмен душ» при
использовании символа обмена душ, увеличено с 15 до 30 секунд.

  * Исправления, связанные с чернокнижниками

    * Чернокнижник больше не может выйти из боя во время действия заклинания
«Похищение души».

**[![][27]][248] [Воины][248]**

  * Время восстановления способности «Превосходство» теперь составляет 1,5
секунды и запускает общее время восстановления. Время восстановления
«Превосходства», срабатывающего в результате действия таланта «Вкус крови», не
изменилось.

  * Способность «Безрассудство» больше нельзя использовать одновременно со
способностью «Смертельное спокойствие». Каждая из способностей теперь не может
быть активирована во время действия другой. Однако применение одной из этих
способностей не запускает полное время восстановления второй.

  * Способности «Возмездие», «Безрассудство» и «Глухая оборона» больше не
требуют конкретной стойки.

  * Изменения в талантах

    * Оружие

      * Специализация на двуручном оружии теперь увеличивает урон от оружия на
12%, а не на 20%.

    * Неистовство

      * Специализация на бое двумя руками теперь увеличивает урон от оружия на
5%, а не на 10%.

  * Исправления, связанные с воинами

    * Раньше в некоторых сражениях можно было использовать «Рывок», когда
расстояние от воина до цели было меньше минимального допустимого значения. Эта
неполадка была устранена.

**Валюта**

  * Очки чести и завоеваний

    * Все имеющиеся очки завоеваний (указанные на вкладке «Валюта») были
конвертированы в очки чести. В случае превышения допустимого лимита все
дополнительные очки должны быть потрачены в течение недели после выхода 4.2 и
до начала 10-го сезона. Допустимый лимит для очков чести составляет 4000.
После начала 10-го сезона за каждое дополнительное очко чести игрок получит 35
серебряных монет. Золото будет отправлено игроку при помощи внутриигровой
почты.

    * Минимальное ограничение на количество очков завоеваний, которые можно
получить в течение недели на аренах, теперь составляет 1350 для игроков,
имеющих 1500 или меньше очков рейтинга арены. Максимальное количество
составляет 2700, если у игрока 3000 и более очков рейтинга арены. В промежутке
между этими двумя значениями предел количества доступных очков продолжает
изменяться нелинейно. Для сравнения: во время 9-го сезона этот предел
изменялся в промежутке от 1343 до 3000.

    * Теперь для очков завоеваний, полученных на полях боя и на аренах,
существуют отдельные максимальные значения. Для рейтинговых полей боя
ограничение на количество очков будет выше на 22,2%, что означает, что этот
предел будет изменяться в промежутке от 1650 до 3300 очков. За неделю игроки
смогут получить количество очков завоеваний, равное максимальному из этих двух
чисел, но, достигнув одного из двух ограничений (для арен или для полей боя),
игроки больше не смогут получать очки завоеваний из данного источника. Очки
завоеваний, полученные на том поле боя, которому посвящены текущие выходные,
учитываются только в общем максимальном допустимом количестве очков
завоеваний.

      * Пример: в течение первой недели 10-го сезона все игроки начинают с
рейтингом менее 1500. Таким образом, максимальное количество доступных очков
для рейтинговых полей боя составит 1650, а максимальное количество доступных
очков для арены – 1350. Допустим, персонаж одержал достаточное количество
побед на арене в течение первой недели. После достижения этого значения игрок
не будет получать очков завоеваний за победы на арене на этой неделе. Тем не
менее персонаж по-прежнему сможет заработать 300 дополнительных очков, но лишь
на рейтинговых полях боя либо в качестве бонуса по случаю призыва к оружию на
поле боя и/или ежедневных побед на случайном поле боя. На следующей неделе
максимальное количество доступных очков будет пересчитано с учетом рейтинга
персонажа и, возможно, что оно будет увеличено. Допустим, на следующей неделе
максимальное количество доступных очков для рейтинга арены составит 1800, а
для рейтинговых полей боя – 1650. В течение недели персонаж может получить
всего 1800 очков завоеваний. До 1650 из них могут быть заработаны на
рейтинговых полях боя, но оставшиеся 150 должны быть получены из другого
источника.

  * Очки доблести и справедливости

    * Все имеющиеся очки доблести (указанные на вкладке «Валюта») были
конвертированы в очки справедливости. В случае превышения допустимого лимита
за каждое дополнительное очко справедливости персонаж получит 47 серебряных
монет. Золото будет отправлено игроку при помощи внутриигровой почты.

    * Максимальное количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за неделю
во всех подземельях и рейдах, теперь составляет 980 вместо 1250.

      * Максимальное количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за
прохождение подземелий «Возрождения зандаларов», по-прежнему составляет 980.

      * Максимальное количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за
прохождение подземелий в героическом режиме, по-прежнему составляет 490.

      * Количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за убийство босса в
Огненных просторах, составляет 120 в рейде для 10 игроков и 140 в рейде для 25
игроков.

      * Количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за убийство Оку'тара
в крепости Барадин, составляет 120 в рейде для 10 игроков и 140 в рейде для 25
игроков.

      * Количество очков доблести, которое можно получить за убийство босса в
Сумеречном бастионе, Твердыне Крыла Тьмы и Троне Четырех Ветров героической
сложности, составляет 35 в рейде для 10 игроков и 45 в рейде для 25 игроков.

**[Подземелья и рейды][249]**

  * В игру был добавлен интерфейс рейда, с помощью которого можно сохранять
настройки пользовательского интерфейса для различных типов игры (например, для
рейдов из 10 человек, рейдов из 25 человек, полей боя и т.д.) для последующего
использования.

    * Игроки могут выбрать режим PvE или PvP, специализацию и размер группы,
после чего начнется настройка рейдового профиля.

    * Данная функция будет доступна группам из 5 игроков после выбора опции
«Рейдовый интерфейс для группы».

    * В рейдовом профиле можно настроить отображение групп вертикально или
горизонтально.

  * В панель навигации была добавлена кнопка «Рейд», открывающее рейдовое окно
в панели «Общение».

  * Крепость Барадин

    * Оку'тар вырвался из клетки и теперь представляет настоящую угрозу для
игроков в рейдах для 10 и 25 человек, уже покоривших Тол Барад.

  * Сумеречный бастион

    * Теперь на обычном уровне сложности у Аэрона, элементиевого чудовища,
Аквариона, Огниса и Террастры стал меньше коэффициент урона.

    * Из зала Совета Перерожденных теперь убрано по одному элементалю каждого
типа.

    * Способность обузданного потока «Морозный вихрь» теперь наносит на 50%
меньше урона.

    * Аэрон

      * Урон от заклинания «Цепная молния» был снижен. Расстояние, с которого
«Цепная молния» может поразить следующего противника, также было уменьшено.

    * Чо’Галл

      * Здоровье, урон от атак ближнего боя, запас здоровья оскверняющего
адепта, а также урон от заклинаний «Порочность», «Оскверняющее сокрушение»,
«Огненное уничтожение» и «Освобожденные тени» были снижены на 20%.

      * «Оскверняющее сокрушение» и «Порочность»

        * Количество накладываемых единиц эффекта «Порченая кровь» уменьшено с
10 до 5.

      * Отрицательный эффект от способности «Оскверняющий укус», накладываемый
кровью древнего бога, был снижен.

      * Каждая единица «Порченой крови» увеличивает урон, получаемый от
эффекта «Порча древнего бога», на 2%, а не на 3%.

      * Урон от заклинания «Ослабляющий луч» снижен на 20%.

      * Время действия эффекта «Порочная преданность» снижено на 25%.

    * Тералион и Валиона

      * Здоровье, урон от атак ближнего боя, а также урон от заклинаний
«Сумеречный метеорит», «Зона сумерек», «Всепоглощающее пламя», «Затмение»,
«Нестабильный мрак», «Сумеречный взрыв» и «Великое пламя» были снижены на 20%.

    * Элементиевое чудовище

      * Урон от заклинания «Электрическая нестабильность» был снижен.

    * Акварион

      * Урон от «Заморозки» примененной к цели, находящейся под действием
заклинания «Промокший насквозь», был снижен.

    * Халфий

      * Здоровье, урон от атак ближнего боя, а также урон от заклинаний
«Огненный шар», «Залп огненных шаров», «Яростный рев», «Обжигающее дыхание» и
«Кольцо Тьмы» были снижены на 20%.

      * Запас здоровья потомка рода Пустоты, сланцевого дракона, штормокрыла,
стражника времени и осиротевших изумрудных дракончиков был снижен на 20%.

      * Время произнесения заклинания «Кольцо Тьмы» было увеличено.

    * Огнис

      * Теперь заклинание «Занимающееся пламя» увеличивает урон на 3% за
каждое применение, а не на 5%, как раньше.

    * Террастра

      * Теперь заклинание «Каменные доспехи» увеличивает наносимый урон на
20%, а не на 100%, как раньше.

  * Твердыня Крыла Тьмы

    * Атрамед

      * Здоровье, урон от атак ближнего боя, а также урон от заклинаний
«Модуляции», «Дыхание ревущего пламени» и «Жгучее пламя» были снижены на 20%.

      * В обычном режиме сложности «Модуляции» больше не усиливают уровень
шума, издаваемого игроками.

      * Теперь «Ультразвуковой импульс» поднимает уровень шума цели на 3
единиц, а не на 5, как раньше.

    * Химерон

      * Запас здоровья Химерона был снижен на 20%, а урон от его атак ближнего
боя – на 10%.

      * Теперь Химерон будет применять заклинание «Едкая слизь» лишь 2 раза за
30 секунд.

    * Дракобель-полукровка

      * «Искажение времени» больше не вызывает оглушения.

      * Теперь «Ледяной ожог» лишает дара речи на 3 секунды.

    * Дворфийские короли

      * Вихрь более не обнуляет значение угрозы.

      * «Смертный приговор» теперь только наносит урон.

      * Величина поглощаемого «Щитом Света» урона снижена.

    * Магмарь

      * Запас здоровья и наносимый урон снижены на 20%.

      * Снижено количество лавовых паразитов.

      * Снижен урон от заклинаний «Изрыгание лавы», «Сгусток магмы», «Могучее
сокрушение» и «Заразная рвота».

      * Заклинание «Мучительное лишение жизни» больше не вызывает мгновенной
смерти цели, наносимый им урон был снижен.

      * Урон от «Заражения паразитами» был снижен.

    * Малориак

      * Были снижены запас здоровья Малориака и наносимый им урон, запас
здоровья аберраций и наносимый ими урон, а также урон, наносимый главными
помощниками. Кроме того, урон от заклинаний «Ледяная вспышка», «Дробление» и
«Обжигающий поток» был уменьшен на 20%.

      * Уменьшено повышение урона от суммирующегося эффекта, вызываемого
аберрациями.

      * Главные помощники больше не фиксируются на цели. Кроме того, они
больше не являются невосприимчивыми к провокациям.

    * Нефариан

      * Запас здоровья и наносимый урон снижены на 20%.

      * Время жизни оживших костяных воинов теперь составляет 33 секунды, а не
50, как раньше. Кроме того, ожившие костяные воины будут появляться в меньших
количествах.

      * Увеличено время произнесения заклинания «Вспышка огненной звезды».

      * Запас здоровья хроматического прообраза снижен на 20%.

      * Урон от «Электрического удара» снижен на 30%.

      * Действие суммирующегося отрицательного эффекта «Магма» снижено на 75%.

      * Теперь Нефариан не может произносить заклинание «Пламя тени» чаще, чем
1 раз в 15 секунд.

      * Запас здоровья Ониксии и ее урон от атак ближнего боя снижены на 20%.

      * Урон от «Шквала темного пламени» снижен на 20%.

      * Урон от «Удара хвостом» снижен на 50%.

    * Защитная система «Омнитрон»

      * Здоровье, урон от атак ближнего боя, а также урон от заклинаний
«Электроразряд», «Проводник молний», «Меры безопасности» и «Волшебный
уничтожитель» снижены на 20%. Также на 20% снижен запас здоровья ядовитой
бомбы.

      * Теперь количество поглощаемого «Преградой» урона увеличено на 100%.

      * Увеличено время восстановления заклинания «Преобразование энергии»
(уменьшает вероятность появления эффекта «Преобразованная энергия»).

      * Урон от «Огнемета» снижен на 40%.

      * Урон от «Статического шока» (появляющегося в результате ударов по
«Нестабильному щиту») и урон от «Ядовитой бомбы» были снижены на 50%.

  * Мертвые копи

    * Ванесса ван Клиф (только в героическом режиме) теперь появился приятный
голос.

  * Трон Четырех Ветров

    * Ал'акир

      * Теперь урон, наносимый «Кислотным дождем» суммируется каждые 20
секунд, а не каждые 15, как раньше.

      * Теперь «Электрический удар» наносит урон раз в 1 секунду, а не раз в
0,5 секунд, как раньше.

      * Время действия «Ответной реакции» теперь составляет 30 секунд, а не
20, как раньше.

      * Запас здоровья Ал'акира, наносимый им урон, а также урон от заклинания
«Порыв ветра» снижены на 20%.

      * Время повторного произнесения заклинаний «Молния» и «Громоотвод» было
увеличено.

      * Урон от «Поражения молнией», наносимый дружественными целями в области
поражения, был снижен вдвое.

      * На обычном уровне сложности в первой и второй фазах Ал'акир больше не
будет использовать «Статический шок».

    * Конклав Четырех Ветров

      * Урон от атак ближнего боя Рохаша, Аншала и Незира, запас здоровья
прожорливых ползунов и наносимый им урон снижены на 20%. Кроме того, на 20%
снижен урон, наносимый отравляющими спорами прожорливых ползунов, а также урон
от заклинаний «Ураган», «Вихрь стали», «Вечная мерзлота», «Секущий ветер» и
«Порыв ветра».

      * Увеличено время произнесения заклинания «Накопление силы».

      * Эффект «Область мерзлоты» теперь снижает скорость передвижения целей
на 5% за каждое применение и может суммироваться до 10 раз (ранее он снижал
скорость передвижения на 10% за каждое применение и мог суммироваться до 30
раз). Наносимый им урон снижен на 20%.

      * Урон от эффекта «Холодный ветер» снижен на 20% и теперь увеличивает
получаемый урон на 5% за каждое применение.

  * Зул'Гуруб

    * Теперь можно пользоваться любыми положительными эффектами от котлов,
находясь на средстве передвижения.

    * Теперь после смерти верховной жрицы Килнары маски тики перестают
извергать пламя.

    * Теперь после смерти верховного жреца Веноксиса облака яда, создаваемые
растениями у входа в подземелье, рассеиваются.

  * Исправления, связанные с подземельями и рейдами

    * Теперь боссов нельзя уменьшить в размерах при помощи «Уменьшающего луча
гномов».

    * Теперь во время битвы с Малориаком в Твердыне Крыла Тьмы количество
убитых аберраций будет учитываться корректно, в связи с чем больше не должно
возникать проблем при получении достижения «Аберрантное поведение».

    * «Мягкий ветерок» Аншала больше не будет причиной непредсказуемого
поведения боевых спутников в Троне Четырех Ветров.

    * Раньше метки рейда не были видны игрокам, находившимся в других фазах.
Эта неполадка была устранена.

**[Гильдии][250]**

  * Поиск гильдии

    * Теперь длинные комментарии больше не обрезаются по краю экрана.

  * На 25% увеличено количество опыта, которое гильдия может получить за день.

  * На 25% увеличена репутация в гильдии, которую можно заработать за неделю.

  * Теперь ограничение на опыт, зарабатываемый гильдией, снимается на 20-м
уровне, а не на 23-м, как раньше.

  * Изменился вид темного феникса, которого можно приобрести у торговца
гильдейскими предметами. Теперь он не такой прозрачный и, несомненно, выглядит
гораздо лучше.

**[Предметы][251]**

  * Если игрок побеждает в розыгрыше предмета, выбрав «Мне это нужно», и
получает предмет, становящийся персональным при надевании, то этот предмет
становится персональным для этого игрока. Если предмет был выигран с помощью
броска «Не откажусь», его свойства не меняются.

  * Соответствующие предметы 11-й ступени теперь можно приобрести за очки
справедливости.

  * Карта Новолуния: Ураган теперь при срабатывании наносит на 40% больше
урона. Однако теперь она не наносит критического урона и на ее урон больше не
оказывают влияния эффекты, исходящие от игрока.

  * Связка для хранения ключей была удалена для того, чтобы освободить место
для новых функций интерфейса.

    * Ключи, которые больше не могут пригодиться в игре, будут удалены из
предметов игрока. После удаления каждого ключа игрок автоматически получит
денежную компенсацию в размере стоимости ключа.

    * Ключи, которые раньше были нужны для выполнения заданий, но уже
устарели, будут удалены из предметов игрока.

    * Ключи, которые все еще могут пригодиться игроку, будут перенесены в
обычные сумки. Если в сумках игрока нет свободных ячеек, то такие ключи будут
перенесены в резервный инвентарь до тех пор, пока в сумках не появится
свободное место. При освобождении ячеек, ключи будут появляться в сумках
игрока после очередного выхода из игры или перехода из одной зоны в другую.

  * Предметы и награды, связанные с PvP

    * Соответствующие предметы 9-го сезона теперь можно приобрести за очки
чести.

    * Оружие гладиатора

      * Оружие 10-го сезона, приобретаемое за очки завоеваний, можно будет
купить только после того, как в течение текущего сезона будет набрана
требуемая минимальная сумма очков завоевания. Например, для приобретения пики
беспощадного гладиатора требуется 3400 очков завоевания. Однако прежде чем
игрок сможет приобрести это оружие, ему будет необходимо заработать 11650
очков завоевания в течение 10-го сезона.

      * Оружие 9-го сезона, приобретаемое за очки чести, можно будет купить
только после того, как в течение текущего сезона будет набрана требуемая
минимальная сумма очков чести. Например, для приобретения пики яростного
гладиатора требуется 3400 очков чести. Однако прежде чем игрок сможет
приобрести это оружие, ему будет необходимо заработать 18500 очков чести в
течение 10-го сезона.

      * По достижении необходимого минимума набранных очков, все доступное
оружие может быть куплено по соответствующей цене. Набранное значение не
обнуляется после совершения покупки.

      * Подсказки, выводимые для оружия в окне покупки, помогут игрокам
узнать, сколько очков завоевания или чести им еще требуется набрать в текущем
сезоне для того, чтобы совершить покупку.

    * Награды на рейтинговых полях боя

      * В игре появились новые наземные верховые животные – яростный боевой
волк (Орда) и яростный боевой конь (Альянс). Игроки будут получать их в
качестве наград за 75, 150 и 300 побед на рейтинговых полях боя, а не за
попадание в 0,5% лучших к концу сезона, как в случае с аренами. Данная система
вознаграждений лучше соответствует духу полей боя. За получение первого из
перечисленных достижений игрок получит одно из этих верховых животных,
привязанное к его учетной записи. После этого игрок сможет продолжить
одерживать победы на рейтинговых полях боя и по достижении 150 и 300 побед
получить второе и третье животное соответственно. Все они будут привязаны к
учетной записи игрока, в связи с чем игрок сможет передать их своим неосновным
персонажам. Игроку не придется ждать окончания сезона для получения данных
наград, они будут вручены ему сразу же после получения соответствующих
достижений.

    * Комплекты предметов

      * Бонусы к устойчивости от 2 предметов из комплектов брони для PvP
дополнения Cataclysm больше не суммируются. Если на персонаже надето по два
комплекта из двух комплектов брони для PvP дополнения Cataclysm, то он получит
+400 к устойчивости всего один раз. Данное изменение не относится к комплектам
брони для PvP из более ранних дополнений.

**[Профессии][252]**

  * Инженерное дело

    * Недавно Д.Э.Г.О.Ж. взял под свое покровительство большое количество
существ, в частности кроликов и белок. По этой причине до достижения
дополнительного соглашения из птицеметов кремневого затвора теперь будут
вылетать только дикие курицы.

  * Снятие шкур

    * Больше нельзя снимать шкуры с тел, с которых уже снимают шкуру или
которые обыскивают другие игроки.

**[PvP][253]**

  * Арены

    * Колонка с индивидуальным рейтингом подбора соперников была удалена из
таблицы результатов боев на арене.

    * В игре снова появилась Арена Доблести. Игроки больше не будут начинать
бой, находясь на передвижных платформах в центре карты. Теперь в начале
сражения игроки будут находиться в стартовых помещениях, находящихся в
противоположных концах арены.

  * Поля боя

    * Колонка с индивидуальным рейтингом подбора соперников была удалена из
таблицы результатов рейтинговых полей боя и заменена колонкой с командным
рейтингом подбора соперников.

    * «Око Бури» стало рейтинговым полем боя на 10 игроков. Принцип захвата
точек был приведен в соответствие с захватом точек в «Низине Арати», чтобы
лучше соответствовать состязаниям 10 на 10 игроков. Данное изменение относится
только к рейтинговым полям боя. Помимо этого «Око Бури» по-прежнему остается
полем боя для 15 игроков, где точки захватываются по принципу «перетягивания
каната».

    * «Ущелье Песни Войны» теперь снова доступно в игре в виде рейтингового
поля боя.

    * Маневры

      * В интерфейсе «Маневров» реализовано множество улучшений. Теперь он
располагается в отдельном окне, что облегчает его использование. Право
предлагать провести маневры другой группе есть только у того, кто является
лидером своей группы или рейда.

**[Задания и существа][254]**

  * Устранены проблемы с вероятностью уклонения и критических ударов
низкороувневых существ.

  * Отображение восполнения энергии существ, видимое игроками, теперь будет
плавным.

**[Расы][255]**

  * Персонажи всех рас теперь умеют издавать грозный рык по команде
/бешенство.

**[Пользовательский интерфейс][256]**

  * Был изменен размер панелей интерфейса для соответствия размерам окон
«Изображение» и «Звук». Это позволит разместить на панели интерфейса более
крупное окно «Интерфейс рейда».

  * При работе с комплектами экипировки больше нельзя использовать модификации
для замены предметов.

  * Теперь можно менять местами персонажей в списке на экране выбора персонажа
и сохранять новый порядок.

  * Теперь можно включить отображение индикатора произнесения заклинаний под
портретом персонажа.

  * Теперь специализации персонажей отображаются при наведении указателя мыши
на имя персонажа в таблице результатов полей боя.

  * Рамки портретов теперь содержат функцию «Прогнать питомца»

  * Теперь предметы экипировки персонажа будут выделяться желтым цветом, когда
уровень прочности предмета достигнет 20%. Раньше это происходило, когда
уровень прочности предмета достигал 5 ед. и менее.

  * Теперь можно одновременно открыть книгу заклинаний и окно «Макросы», что
упростит создание макросов. Кроме того, в окне «Макросы» появились кнопки
«Сохранить» и «Отмена».

  * В интерфейс по умолчанию добавлена панель с кнопками для управления
перемещением персонажа с помощью мыши.

  * Сменить язык клиента игры на любой из доступных в регионе игрока языков
теперь стало проще.

  * На миникарте теперь можно выбирать любую обычную или запомненную цель (не
относится к враждебным игрокам).

  * У торговцев теперь можно узнать, какой тип валюты они используют.

**[Техническая информация][257]**

  * Теперь программа запуска Blizzard использует технологию UPnP (Universal
Plug and Play) для конфигурирования портов. Если ваш маршрутизатор
поддерживает UPnP, он автоматически откроет требующиеся порты, после чего у
вас не будет ограничений на загружаемые данные.

{Body-zhCN}

**魔獸世界客戶端版本4.2**

最新的更新內容請參閱官方網站改版專區:[http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/patchnotes/index.a
sp][258].

**元素桎梏**

在古老的世界之樹諾達希爾召開的原本該是場盛會，卻以悲劇收場。為了拯救艾澤拉斯，塞納里奧議會與陶土議會的成員，包括前任大酋長索爾，與高貴的守護巨龍聚首，打算集
結力量為艾澤拉斯的未來修補世界之樹。然而，傳言在儀式當中，一位暮光之錘的使者闖了進來，用黑暗的魔法將索爾擊倒，並將他的靈魂流放到元素界域的四個領域。若這可怕
的傳言是真的，陶土議會—或者應該說是整個艾澤拉斯—失去了一位偉大的勇士。

**癒合之地與熔岩前線**

儘管夜精靈與他們的盟友擊退了拉格納羅斯在海加爾最初的侵略，他們在這座神聖的山上仍有工作尚未了結。大德魯伊瑪法里恩•怒風在癒合之地的瑪洛尼聖地集結夥伴，策謀進
軍拉格納羅斯的領地:火源之界。海加爾的保衛者希望一旦攻進那裡，便立即建立一座永久的要塞。然而這些計畫卻因為癒合之地遭受新一波猛烈的元素攻擊而岌岌可危。雖然遭
到了這樣的挫敗，海加爾的保衛者仍然堅定地執行任務，因為他們知道，海加爾山的命運全繫於火源之界的熔岩前線。

**火源之界**

對拉格納羅斯展開攻擊的時刻已經到來。為了保衛海加爾山，這場戰鬥目前已經深入拉格納羅斯灼熱的領地中。在艾澤拉斯的保衛者們在火源之界攻城掠地，朝它的聖地內部步步
逼近的同時，一場歷史性的戰役一觸即發。拉格納羅斯死忠的僕從們捍衛著他的巢穴—薩弗隆要塞，裡頭包括叛離的火焰德魯伊與他們神秘莫測的領袖。儘管如此，冒險深入火焰
領域的勇敢英雄們，面對危險沒有退縮的餘地。因為這場戰役即將決定艾澤拉斯的存亡。

**龍怒，塔瑞克苟莎之眠**

藍龍軍團新領袖的任命人選懸而未決，使得軍團的領土奧核之心籠罩在風雨欲來的危機之中。整個軍團分為兩派，各自擁戴呼聲最高的繼承人—卡雷苟斯與亞雷戈斯。他們同意在
罕見的天象「月擁之刻」時聚會，在其時選出新的守護巨龍。然而，青銅龍安納克羅斯在奧核之心附近偵測到邪惡份子蠢蠢欲動，打算破壞儀式。安納克羅斯相信，若沒有英雄挺
身調查這些黑暗勢力並揭穿他們的意圖，艾澤拉斯的毀滅就在旦夕之間。

**_目錄_**

_點擊連結直接帶你前進至欲閱覽的專區_

  * [一般][6]

  * [成就][7]

  * [職業：一般][8]

    * [![][9]][10] [死亡騎士][10], [![][11]][12] [德魯伊][12], [![][13]][14]
[獵人][14], [![][15]][16] [法師][16], [![][17]][18] [聖騎士][18],

    * [![][19]][20] [牧師][20], [![][21]][22] [盜賊][22], [![][23]][24] [薩滿][24],
[![][25]][26] [術士][26], [![][27]][28] [戰士][28]

  * [兌換通貨][29]

  * [地城與團隊][30]

  * [公會][31]

  * [物品][32]

  * [專業][33]

  * [PvP][34]

  * [任務和生物][35]

  * [種族][36]

  * [使用者介面][37]

  * [技術問題][38]

**一般**

  * 全新的每日任務:癒合之地與熔岩前線

    * 海加爾山現在推出全新而大量的每日任務與獎勵。在那裡，玩家能幫助海加爾守護者擊退拉格納羅斯的盟友，並在火源之界的前線建立一個前哨基地!若想要參與癒
合之地與熔岩前線的每日任務，玩家必須進行海加爾山的任務，至少要完成「艾森娜的奇蹟」。一旦完成該任務，玩家便可與瑪洛尼聖地的瑪托克勞交談，來參與癒合之地的活動
。

  * 全新的任務串:元素桎梏

    * 85級的部落與聯盟玩家可以進行一條新的任務串，讓勇敢的冒險者們前往搭救索爾。在暴風城或奧格瑪的大地神殿接受「大薩滿的呼喚」這個任務會將玩家引領到
諾達希爾之巔和索爾那裡。

  * 全新的團隊地城:火源之界

    * 全新的10人及25人團隊地城火源之界位於元素界域之中，普通模式與英雄模式同步推出!身經百戰的部落與聯盟玩家們現在有機會可以通過海加爾山的薩弗隆之
塔深入拉格納羅斯的領土對他以及他忠實的僕從們發動攻勢。

  * 全新的傳奇物品:龍怒，塔瑞克苟莎之眠

    * 團隊地城的玩家們有機會可以完成一系列的任務，製造出全新的傳奇法系法杖。要開始組成法杖的玩家必須先在火源之界殺死一隻熔岩領主。在殺死熔岩領主後，玩
家就能在奧格瑪的葛羅瑪許堡內找佐拉多爾米或在暴風城的巫師聖所頂部找可里多爾米接受任務「一段傳奇的經歷」。這條傳奇物品的任務串只能由德魯伊、法師、牧師、薩滿及
術士進行。

  * 全新的使用者介面功能: 地城導覽手冊

    * 許多地城的資料現在已經透過全新的地城導覽手冊內建在使用者介面當中。這個功能可以在世界的任何地方透過下方新的功能按鈕開啟。首領的背景故事、戰鬥的細
節、技能和掉落物品都已經加入到這個新系統當中(這包含了全部的浩劫與重生地城與團隊首領)。其他的地城資料計畫將會在未來的更新中加入。

**成就**

  * 熊熊來不及(新成就):在英雄模式中，在祖阿曼的四名囚犯被獻祭之前，將其全數救出。

**職業:一般**

  * 所有極效治療效果現在會從普通治療的1.5倍(+50%)提升為2倍(+100%)。

  * 玩家又可以在戰鬥中跳舞了(而且不會造成繪圖上的錯誤)。然而其他動畫效果，例如攻擊的優先順序將高於跳舞。角色會先完成其他比較重要的動作後才會繼續跳舞。
被弱化的樂趣回來了。

  * 增益效果

    * 所有能在友方目標身上放置增益效果的職業技能將不再產生任何威脅值。這包括了影響全團隊的增益效果，像是野性印記與真言術:韌，以及觸發類型的增益效果，
像是祝福韌性或冰霜之指，還有單一目標的增益效果，像是黑暗意圖和狂血術。能夠直接造成治療或傷害的增益效果，像是荊棘術或恢復則仍會產生一般的威脅值。

  * 控場效果

    * 許多控場技能在施法時不再使生物攻擊玩家。當控場效果結束時，該生物不會攻擊玩家，而且附近的生物也不會對玩家展開攻擊。然而，若目標生物可見的玩家太過
靠近，該生物將會記得玩家，並在控場效果結束時進行攻擊。這樣的設計是為了讓地城隊伍更容易管理控場任務及拉回複數的敵對生物。此變更將會影響休眠、糾纏根鬚」
翼龍釘刺(當開始造成傷害時仍會造成威脅)、冰凍陷阱、變形術、 懺悔、束縛不死生物、致盲、妖術、元素束縛、放逐術及誘惑。

  * 寵物

    * 寵物的攻擊型姿態已從遊戲中移除，並由協助型姿態取代。這個姿態會使寵物攻擊玩家的目標。除非主人攻擊新目標經過了幾秒鐘，否則寵物不會改變目標。

    * 防禦型寵物姿態現在只會使玩家的寵物反擊敵人或攻擊主人的敵人。

  * 中斷法術

    * 當玩家施放單系法術例如精神鞭笞或寒冰箭被打斷時，現可施放雙系法術例如心靈鑽刺(冰霜及暗影系)或霜火箭(冰霜及火焰系)。然而，當施放雙系法術被打斷
時，仍會使相對應的全部法術系無法使用。

  * 屬性

    * 死亡騎士、聖騎士與戰士不再由敏捷提供額外的閃躲機率。他們的基本閃躲機率現在固定為5%。

    * 死亡騎士、聖騎士與戰士現在從力量提供的額外招架等級加成由25%提高為27%。這個轉換仍只應用在超過基礎力量的數值上。

  * 一般性職業Bug修正

    * 玩家不會在他們沒有中斷法術時收到有法術被他們中斷的錯誤訊息。

    * 有姿態/形態條的玩家不會再因為進入載具而使動作條暫時消失了。

**[![][9]][259] [死亡騎士][259]**

  * 滅寂的基礎傷害從160%武器傷害降低為150%。

  * 天賦專精

    * 冰霜

      * 噬溫酷寒現在有1.5秒的施法時間。

      * 冰凍荒原之力的雙手武器傷害加成現從4/8/12%降低為3/7/10%。

    * 穢邪

      * 穢邪之力的力量加成從5%提高為20%。

  * 雕紋

    * 黑暗救贖雕紋已重新設計。過去是當處於冰霜領域或穢邪領域時，施放死亡打擊會治療生命力上限至少15%的生命力，現改為在殺死一個會產生經驗值或榮譽點數
的敵人後，在15秒內施放下一個死亡打擊會治療死亡騎士生命力上限至少20%(仍然需要處於冰霜領域或穢邪領域)。

**[![][11]][260] [德魯伊][260]**

  * 德魯伊現在每點力量點獲得的攻擊強度從2點降低為1點。當德魯伊在獵豹形態或熊形態時每個敏捷點仍會獲得2點的攻擊強度。此外，獵豹形態由裝備提升的幅度比其
他職業少，使得在較高物品等級時的輸出落後於其他職業。為了平衡力量上的變更及改善提升的比例，我們做了以下的變動。所有提到的數字皆以85級的德魯伊為準。

    * 兇猛撕咬傷害提高15%。此外，此技能的基礎消耗降低為25點能量，而且最多能使用額外的25點能量使傷害加成提高到100%。

    * 割碎(獵豹)的傷害從460%的武器傷害提高至540%，額外傷害降低為302點。

    * 掃擊在命中時的初始傷害現在與每一跳的傷害一樣(並在戰鬥的計算中視為相同)。其週期性傷害現在每一跳獲得攻擊強度的加成由12.6%提高為14.7%，
而每一跳的基礎傷害從557點降低為56點。掃擊的提示資訊上並未因應此項改動更新，這會在未來的改版中修正。

    * 劫掠的傷害從850%的武器傷害提高至975%，而額外的傷害加成降低到532點。

    * 兇蠻咆哮現在提供給近戰自動攻擊的額外傷害從50%提高為80%。兇蠻咆哮雕紋仍會在那之上再提供5%的額外加成。

    * 撕碎的傷害從450%武器傷害提高至540%，而額外的傷害加成降低為302點。

  * 糾纏根鬚和其他由自然之握觸發的法術效果不再造成傷害。

  * 啟動現在會在10秒內使一位目標盟友回復法力上限的5%。但當德魯伊對自己施法時仍是在10秒內回復法力上限的20%。

  * 清晰預兆的節能施法狀態其持續時間從8秒延長為15秒。

  * 星火術的傷害提高了大約23%。

  * 揮擊(獵豹)現在造成的的傷害由670%的武器傷害降低為600%。

  * 憤怒的傷害提高了大約23%。

  * 天賦專精

    * 平衡

      * 大地新月的持續時間從12秒延長為15秒。

      * 真菌增生法術視覺效果已經更新，使其較不突兀而更具有美感。

      * 月沐已經重新設計。當施展月火術時，德魯伊獲得月沐效果。月沐讓月火術造成的直接傷害提高15/30/45%，法力消耗降低10/20/30%。此效
果最多堆疊3次並且持續3秒。在月沐效果下，月火術產生8點日能，日炎術產生8點月能。花費在天賦上的點數並不影響獲得的月能或日能點數，也不影響月沐堆疊的次數。現
在，若德魯伊希望延後蝕星蔽月狀態的開始或結束，應該施放不會使能量條移動的兩種基本攻擊法術之一(星火術或憤怒)。

      * 太陽光束現在有新的法術效果了。

      * 除了星火術和憤怒之外，狂野蘑菇-引爆現在也會觸發大地新月。

    * 野性

      * 與其他坦克相比，熊的傷害技能隨裝備提升的速度太快，因此做了以下調整。以下數字是以85級的角色為準；低等級的角色數字會低很多。

        * 精靈之火(野性)的基礎傷害從679點提高為2950點。攻擊強度提供的加成從15%降低為10.8%。

        * 槌擊的基礎傷害從8點提高為35點。攻擊強度的加成從26.4%降低為19%。

        * 粉碎的武器傷害百分比從80%降低為60%。每次割裂所造成的傷害從361點提高為1623點。

        * 割碎(熊)的武器傷害百分比從260%降低為190%。傷害加成從754點提高為3306點。

        * 揮擊的基礎傷害從215點提高為929點。攻擊強度的加成從17.1%降低為12.3%。

        * 痛擊的初始基礎傷害從339點提高為1042點。初始傷害的攻擊強度加成從19.2%降低為9.82%。週期性的基礎傷害從189點提高為581
點。週期性傷害的攻擊強度加成從3.26%降低為1.67%。此外，關於護甲值會降低此技能週期性傷害的bug已被修正。

        * 割裂的初始基礎傷害從2089點提高為3608點。初始傷害的攻擊強度加成從7.66%降低為5.52%。週期性基礎傷害從16點提高為69點。
週期性傷害的攻擊強度加成從0.512%.降低為0.369%。

      * 自然反應的傷害減免從6/12%提高為9/18%。

    * 恢復

      * 共生(精通)已重新設計。共生現在使你的直接治療法術效果額外提高10%，而且當你施放直接治療法術時會使你的週期性治療法術額外獲得10%的治療加
成，持續10秒。每一點精通可使治療加成額外提高1.25%。在這個精通的計算方式中，施放治療之觸、滋補術、迅癒，以及癒合的初始治療都視為直接治療法術。德魯伊任
何其他的治療法術都被視為週期性法術。

  * 雕紋

    * 狂暴雕紋持續時間現在從5秒延長為10秒。

    * 兇猛撕咬雕紋已重新設計。現為兇猛撕咬每消耗10點能量，會治療施法者生命力上限的1%。

    * 啟動雕紋現在使啟動除了原有的效果之外，當施放在友方目標身上時，還會讓德魯伊本人在10秒內恢復法力上限的10%。

  * •套裝獎勵

    * 平衡德魯伊4件T11的PvE套裝獎勵，星界連線，現在改為提供15%額外的致命一擊機率，可使用3次，每次使用使機率降低5%，而非提供99%額外的致
命一擊機率，每次降低33%。此變動是因為這項套裝獎勵的效果太強，使得玩家很難為了提升裝備到T12而換裝。為了彌補，星火術和憤怒已經做出改動(列在德魯伊的職業
項目之中)。

    * 恢復德魯伊2件T11的PvE
套裝獎勵已重新設計來符合新的恢復系精通加成。當共生(精通)週期性治療加成的持續時間內，有2件套裝獎勵的德魯伊現在可以獲得額外的精神。

  * 德魯伊Bug修正

    * 現在，在某些戰鬥中已經無法在小於最短距離時使用野性衝鋒。

**[![][13]][261] [獵人][261]**

  * 多重射擊的傷害已被降低。等級80以上造成的武器傷害從137%降低為120%。

  * 獵人的屬性如命中、熟練、 法術穿透力與攻擊強度等，現在會影響陷阱的效果。

  * 天賦專精

    * 射擊

      * 仔細瞄準現在從對80%以上生命力的目標提供額外的致命一擊機率，提高為90%以上的生命力才提供。

    * 生存

      * 黑蝕箭的傷害提高約40%。

  * 寵物

    * 新增10隻稀有的野獸以供馴服，馴服每一隻的過程均是獨一無二的挑戰。殆死堤拉克是其中最威猛稀有的一隻。你會是第一位馴服牠的獵人嗎?玩家必須解開海加
爾山癒合之地與熔岩前線的每日任務領域才能進行馴服這些獨特野獸的挑戰。

    * 阻擾(堅毅系寵物)已重新設計。寵物將以極快的速度朝團體成員衝過去，降低下一次近戰或遠程攻擊對該成員造成的傷害，最多相當於寵物最大生命力的50%。

**[![][15]][262] [法師][262]**

  * 秘法衝擊造成的傷害降低5%。

  * 當焦炎之痕尚未觸發時施放的炎爆術，所造成的傷害比焦炎之痕觸發時稍微少一點。現已提高炎爆術所造成的傷害，使兩種版本的炎爆術造成一樣的傷害。

  * 法術竊取所消耗的法力提高了100%。

  * 天賦專精

    * 火焰

      * 當衝擊天賦使活體爆彈擴散時，它只會擴散到額外兩個目標。這使法師在最新的活體爆彈目標與衝擊的目標相同時，該目標將不再喪失活體爆彈的效果。若施放
衝擊的效果時，多名目標身上有活體爆彈的效果，最新的活體爆彈目標身上將維持有活體爆彈的效果，並擴散到附近的兩名目標身上。

    * 冰霜

      * 除了其他會共享遞減效果的法術之外，極度冰凍與霜之環也會對彼此造成遞減效應。

**[![][17]][263] [聖騎士][263]**

  * 神聖之光的法力消耗從基礎法力的30%提高為35%。

  * 聖光閃現的法力消耗從基礎法力的27%提高為31%。

  * 遠古諸王守護者將使用新的協助型寵物姿態。

  * 聖光術的法力消耗從基礎法力的10%提高為12%。

  * 責難、聖盾術與聖佑術有新圖示。

  * 現在每一種近戰技能都能啟動正義聖印，不再限於單一目標的近戰技能。這使得公正之錘(視為物理的部分)與神性風暴都成為能觸發這個聖印的技能之一。此外，正義
聖印觸發的傷害現在可以造成致命效果了。

  * 天賦專精

    * 神聖

      * 聖光信標已無法被驅散。此外，它的目標現在能從聖光術獲得100%的治療效果，但是從其他法術仍只能獲得50%的治療效果。

      * 裁決已重新設計。此法術仍然可以降低驅邪術的法力消耗，可是神聖震擊已不再使驅邪術成為免費而瞬發的法術。現在，裁決改為有50/100%的機率使驅
邪術的目標在接下來的6秒無法造成致命的效果。此效果可以被驅散。

      * 神聖震擊的法力消耗從8%的基礎法力降低為7%。

      * 聖光治療(精通)已經稍作調整，若聖騎士重置他自己在目標身上的聖光治療，新的吸收量會增加到舊的吸收量之上，而其效果的持續時間也將重置。能吸收的
總傷害無法超過施法的聖騎士生命力的1/3。

      *
除了聖光術與神聖之光之外，聖光灌注現在也能縮短聖光閃現的施法時間0.75/1.5秒。此外，因為裁決不再觸發，舊的裁決法術重疊效果已經轉移到聖光灌注上面。

      * 現在，當施放神聖光輝或聖佑術時，光速能提高移動速度。此外，這項天賦現在能使神聖光輝縮短的冷卻時間從10/20/30
提高為13/26/40秒。

      * 除了目前的效果之外，光明漫步現在也使榮耀聖言的治療效果提高30%。

    * 防護

      * 忠誠防衛者有新的法術效果。

      * 聖光庇護現在不再與神聖之盾有任何形式上的互動作用。

      * 公正之錘的法力消耗從12%降低為10%以符合十字軍聖擊的消耗。

      * 神聖之盾已重新設計。這項天賦現在不觸發共用冷卻時間的啟動技能。神聖之盾讓聖騎士的盾牌格擋值提高20%，持續10秒，並有30秒的冷卻時間。

      *
睿智審判現在會在嘗試時，而非命中時觸發。這表示就算審判未命中仍然能獲得法力。這能幫助確保防護系的聖騎士即使命中等級不足也不會因此而極度缺乏法力。

    * 懲戒

      * 崇高信仰現在會使異端審問的持續時間由延長50/100/150%提高為延長66/133/200%。

      * 命令聖印天賦現能使正義聖印擊中的近戰目標不受限制，而不再只限於2名。

      * 無私治療者無法再被驅散，而且無法被法術竊取；此外，除了目前已有的效果之外，它會額外使榮耀聖言的冷卻時間縮短5/10秒。

  * 雕紋

    * 真理聖印雕紋提供的熟練加成現在當啟動正義聖印時也有加成效果。

**[![][19]][264] [牧師][264]**

  * 噬靈瘟疫所造成的傷害降低12%。

  * 心靈震爆所造成的傷害提高12%。

  * 暗影惡魔現在會使用新的協助型功能。

  * 暗言術:死所造成的傷害提高12%。

  * 暗言術:痛所造成的痛傷害降低12%。

  * 天賦專精

    * 暗影

      * 精神鞭笞所造成的傷害提高12%。

      * 心靈恐慌不再要求施法者面朝前方，與其他非點擊施放的群體控制法術一致。

      * 罪與罰的吸血之觸被驅散時造成的恐懼效果不再有遞減效果。

      * 吸血之觸所造成的傷害降低12%。Vampiric Touch damage done has been decreased by 12%.

  * 牧師bug修正

    * 玩家不會再因為點擊光束泉而提早取消引導的法術。

**[![][21]][265] [盜賊][265]**

  * 暗影披風的冷卻時間從90秒延長為2分鐘。此外，暗影披風不再觸發共用冷卻時間。

  * 戰鬥就緒與暗影披風現共享同一個冷卻時間。

  * 對敵方NPC的致盲持續時間現為1分鐘，對玩家的持續時間仍為8秒。

  * 現在潛行的冷卻時間再次從盜賊離開潛行時開始計算。

  * 天賦專精

    * 刺殺

      * 刺客的決心傷害加成從15%提高為20%。

      * 惡性毒藥所提供的毒藥傷害加成從7/14/20%提高為12/24/36%。

    * 戰鬥

      * 狠毒戰鬥的攻擊強度加成從2/4%提高為3/6%。

      * 活力的攻擊強度加成從25%提高為30%。

    * 敏銳

      * 飄忽不定將暗影披風縮短的冷卻時間由從10/20秒提高為縮短15/30秒，現在同時也使戰鬥就緒的冷卻時間縮短15/30秒。

      * 出血的基礎傷害提高了40%。

      * 嗜血脈動對流血的目標所造成的傷害從5/10%提高為8/16%。

**[![][23]][266] [薩滿][266]**

  * 火焰新星所造成的傷害提高15%。

  * 閃電之盾與水之盾不再可以被驅散。

  * 釋放元素現為自然系法術，因此當薩滿的自然系法術被封鎖便無法使用。

  * 水之盾的內部冷卻時間縮短為3.5秒，與其他的護盾一樣。水之盾觸發時恢復的法力降低50%。

  * 天賦專精

    * 元素

      * 烈焰呼喚現也讓火焰新星造成傷害的目標其身上的烈焰震擊持續時間延長3/6秒。

      * 當烈焰震擊被驅散時，熔岩奔流現提供的加速增益效果從10/20/30%提高為30/60/90%。

      * 雷霆風暴現在會使被擊退的玩家移動速度降低40%，持續5秒。

    * 恢復

      * 強化水之盾已重新設計並重新命名為復甦。當水之盾啟動時，復甦會使直接治療造成極效治療效果時恢復法力(在復甦等級2，治療波或強效治療波造成極效治
療時恢復的法力大約等於原本強化水之盾的150%，而較快速或多目標法術的極效治療回復的法力則會相對地而減少)。

      * 法力之潮現在使提高施法者的精神從400%降低為200%。

  * 雕紋

    * 釋放閃電雕紋(新的主要雕紋)能讓施法者在移動時施放閃電箭。

  * 套裝獎勵

    * 元素薩滿4件PvP套裝獎勵(鬥士的雷霆之拳套裝)已重新設計。現導致閃電之盾在受到傷害時產生額外的閃電球，而非消耗閃電球，最高可到3顆(有轟天雷天
賦最多可累積9顆。)

**[![][25]][267] [術士][267]**

  * 靈魂之火的學習等級從54級降低為20級。

  * 靈魂收割現在有新的法術效果。

  * 雕紋

    * 靈魂調換雕紋現在使靈魂調換的冷卻時間從15秒延長為30秒。

  * 術士Bug修正

    * 現在已經無法在引導吸取靈魂的狀態下脫離戰鬥。

**[![][27]][268] [戰士][268]**

  * 壓制現在有1.5秒的冷卻時間與共用冷卻時間(血腥體驗的壓制其冷卻時間不變)。

  * 魯莽與沉著殺機現在無法在同時間使用。當其中一個啟動時，另一個便不能使用，但使用其中一個不會使另一個觸發完整的冷卻時間。

  * 反擊風暴、魯莽與盾牆不再要求特定姿態才能使用。

  * 天賦專精

    * 武器

      * 雙手武器專精的武器傷害加成從20%降低為12%。

    * 狂怒

      * 雙武器專精的武器傷害加成從10%降低為5%。

  * 戰士Bug修正

    * 現在，在某些戰鬥中已經無法在小於最短距離時使用衝鋒。

**兌換通貨**

  * 征服與榮譽點數

    * 所有在兌換通貨頁面的現存征服點數都已轉化為榮譽點數。任何超過榮譽點數上限的點數必須在下個星期，也就是第10季開始前用掉。在第10季開始後，所有超
過4000點上限的點數，每一點會以35枚銀幣的匯率轉化為金幣並郵寄給玩家的角色。

    * 獲得征服點數的最低每週上限在1500點以下的戰場積分現為1500點；最高的上限仍是3000點以上的戰場積分的3000點。兩個積分之間的上限仍以非
線性的幅度增加。

    * 遊戲現在會分開追蹤戰場與競技場不同的征服點數上限。不管競技場積分的高低，競技場的上限總會是積分戰場上限的2/3。玩家每週能獲取的征服點數上限視兩
者之間何者較高，可是一旦玩家達到戰場或競技場其中一種的征服點數上限，便無法從該來源獲得更多的征服點數。在假日戰場獲得的征服點數只會在總征服點數上限計算。

      * 舉例說明:在第10季的第一週，每個人開始的積分都在1500分以下。所以，積分戰場的上限為1500點，而競技場的上限則是1000點。某角色贏了
足夠場次的競技場比賽，達到了競技場的1000點上限。在那個時候，競技場的勝利在當週不會再提供征服點數。但是，該角色仍然能從積分戰場或假日及每日隨機戰場獲得最
多500點的征服點數。下一週的上限會依據該角色的積分重新計算上限，而有可能競技場的積分現在會提供更高的上限。在第二週，該角色的競技場分數上限為1600點，而
積分戰場的上限為1500點。該角色的總征服點數上限為1600點，最多可從積分戰場獲得1500點征服點數，但是剩下的100點必須從其他來源獲得。

  * 勇氣與正義點數

    * 所有在兌換通貨頁面的現存勇氣點數都已轉化為正義點數。任何超過正義點數上限的點數，每一點會以47枚銀幣的匯率轉化為金幣並郵寄給玩家的角色。

    * 每週由任何地城及團隊地城能獲得的勇氣點數上限由1250點降低為980點。

      * 從贊達拉的崛起地城能獲得的最高勇氣點數上限仍為980點。

      * 從完成英雄模式地城能獲得的最高勇氣點數上限仍為490點。

      * 在火源之界擊殺首領獲得的勇氣點數，10人模式為120點，25人模式為140點。

      * 在巴拉丁堡擊殺歐庫薩獲得的勇氣點數，10人模式為120點，25人模式為140點。

      * 在英雄模式下的暮光堡壘、黑翼陷窟、四風王座擊殺首領能獲得的勇氣點數，10人模式為35點，25人模式為45點。

**地城與團隊**

  * 新增團隊檔案，讓玩家根據內容的類別(例如10人團隊、25人團隊、戰場等)來儲存團隊視窗使用者介面的版面以供未來使用。

    * 玩家可選擇PvE、PvP、天賦專精和團隊規模。每一個團隊檔案種類接下來會自動進行設定。

    * 若玩家在介面選項中勾選「使用團隊風格的隊伍框架」，這項功能也能在5人內容中使用。

    * 團隊檔案可以橫向或直向地排列隊伍。

  * 在功能列上新增了團隊按鈕，能讓玩家直接開啟社交面板中的團隊視窗。

  * 巴拉丁堡

    * 歐庫薩從牢籠中掙脫了，對控制托巴拉德的玩家提供全新的10人及25人首領挑戰。

  * 暮光堡壘

    * 已將艾理奧、源質巨怪、 費魯迪厄斯、伊格納修斯與特拉斯特拉在普通模式下的傷害降低。

    * 卓越者議會大廳中每一種被禁錮的元素都已經移除一個。

    * 禁錮的洪水其冰霜旋風技能所造成的傷害降低50%。

    * 艾理奧

      * 閃電鏈的傷害及距離已被降低。

    * 丘加利

      * 生命力、近戰傷害、腐化中的擁護者生命力、墮邪之力的傷害、腐化轟擊的傷害、烈炎破壞的傷害與釋放暗影的傷害全部均降低20%。

      * 腐化轟擊和墮邪之力

        * 這些法術造成的腐化從10降低為5。

      * 古神之血所造成的腐化之咬效果已被降低。

      * 由上古之神的腐化每一層堆疊腐化之血所造成的傷害從3%降低為2%。

      * 衰弱光束傷害降低20%。

      * 偏執信仰的持續時間縮短25%。

    * 龍群氏族

      *
生命力、近戰傷害、暮光隕星的傷害、吞噬烈焰、昏天暗地的傷害、不穩定的暮光傷害、暮光地帶的傷害、暮光衝擊的傷害與巨大的火焰傷害全部均降低20%。

    * 源質巨怪

      * 電暴增效傷害已被降低。

    * 費魯迪厄斯

      * 浸濕時因為冰凍所造成的傷害已被降低。

    * 哈福斯

      * 生命力、近戰傷害、火球術/火球彈幕的傷害、狂怒咆哮的傷害、灼燒之息的傷害與暗影新星的傷害全部均已降低20%。

      * 虛空幼體、石板龍、 風暴騎士、時間看守者與失怙的綠龍寶寶生命力全部均已降低20%。

      * 暗影新星的基礎施法時間已提高。

    * 伊格納修斯

      * 烈焰高漲每次堆疊的傷害從5%降低為3%。

    * 特拉斯特拉

      * 硬化外皮造成的物理傷害加成從100%降低為20%。

  * 黑翼陷窟

    * 亞特拉米德

      * 生命力、近戰攻擊、調整的傷害、咆哮焰息的傷害與灼熱烈焰的傷害全部均已降低20%。

      * 調整在普通模式下不再提高聲音值。

      * 聲納脈衝波造成的聲音值從5降低為3。

    * 奇瑪隆

      * 生命力降低20%，而且近戰傷害降低10%。

      * 奇瑪隆現在每30秒週期只施放兩次腐蝕黏液。

    * 混種亞龍

      * 時間流逝不再造成昏迷。

      * 冰霜灼燒的沉默現為3秒。

    * 矮人國王

      * 旋風斬不再清空威脅值。

      * 處決宣判現在只會造成傷害。

      * 光明之盾的吸收效果已經降低。

    * 熔喉

      * 傷害與生命力已降低20%。

      * 熔岩蟲已經削弱。

      * 岩漿噴灑的傷害、岩漿噴吐的傷害、強烈撞擊的傷害與傳染嘔吐的傷害全部均已降低。

      * 死無全屍不再造成瞬殺，而且傷害降低。

      * 寄生感染已經被降低。

    * 瑪洛里亞克

      * 生命力、傷害、變異怪的生命力/傷害、秘法風暴的傷害、 主要實驗體的傷害、閃霜/粉碎的傷害與灼燒衝擊的傷害全部均已降低20%。

      * 變異怪堆疊的傷害增益效果已降低。

      * 主要實驗體不再鎖定目標，而且不再對嘲諷效果免疫。

    * 奈法利安

      * 生命力與近戰傷害降低20%。

      * 復生的白骨戰士倒地的時間從50秒縮短為33秒。此外，復生的白骨戰士生成的數量減少。

      * 衝擊新星的施法時間提高。

      * 炫彩原型體的生命力降低20%。

      * 電擊的傷害降低30%。

      * 熔岩堆疊的減益效果降低75%。

      * 奈法利安的暗影炎施法頻率無法增加到每15秒超過1次。

      * 奧妮克希亞的生命力與近戰傷害降低20%。

      * 暗影之焰幕的傷害降低20%。

      * 尾部鞭擊的傷害降低50%。

    * 全能魔像議會

      * 生命力、近戰攻擊、放電的傷害、避雷針的傷害、毒炸彈的生命力、焚化防禦措施的傷害與秘法殲滅者的傷害全部均已降低20%。

      * 屏障可吸收的傷害值提高100%。

      * 能量轉換術(轉化能量的機率)冷卻時間增加。

      * 火焰噴射器的傷害降低40%。

      * 不穩定盾牌傷害與毒炸彈傷害所造成的靜電震擊降低50%。

  * 死亡礦坑

    * 凡妮莎•范克里夫(英雄模式)現在有了甜美的嗓音來配合她的對話。

  * 四風王座

    * 奧拉基爾

      * 酸雨的堆疊時間現從每15秒提高為每20秒。

      * 電擊的脈衝時間現從每0.5秒提高為每1秒。

      * 回饋的持續時間從20秒提高為30秒。

      * 生命力、傷害與疾風爆發的傷害均降低20%。

      * 閃電與聚雷針重新施法的週期延長了。

      * 閃電之擊對友方目標的連鎖傷害已降低50%。

      * 在普通模式下，階段1或階段2將不再施放靜電震擊。

    * 風之議會

      * 洛哈許、安蕭爾、涅茲爾的近戰攻擊，飢餓的蠕行者的生命力/傷害、飢餓的蠕行者的毒性孢子傷害、颶風的傷害、冰雨風暴的傷害、極寒冰霜的傷害、削骨颶
風與疾風衝擊的傷害全部均已降低20%

      * 積蓄力量的施法時間已延長。

      * 流冰的緩速效果從每次堆疊10%，最多會堆疊30次，降低為每次堆疊5%，最多會堆疊10次，而且傷害降低20%。

      * 風寒冷卻的傷害降低20%，現在每次堆疊會使受到的傷害提高5%。

  * 祖爾格拉布

    * 現在騎乘坐騎時也能使用所有的大鍋來獲得增益效果。

    * 高階祭司基爾娜拉之死現在會關閉火焰提基面具的機關。

    * 高階祭司溫諾希斯之死現在會將地城入口的植物毒性移除。

  * 地城與團隊Bug修正

    * 首領現在對於地精縮小射線的效果免疫。

    * 現在黑翼陷窟的瑪洛里亞克之戰中，「怪異行為」成就將不會再錯誤地重設擊殺的數量統計。

    * 在四風王座裡，安蕭爾的舒和微風將不會再使戰鬥寵物做出怪異的舉動了。

    * 團隊標記的圖示現在於首領戰中的所有階段都可以看得到了。

**公會**

  * 公會搜尋器

    * 句子較長的註解現在能正常顯示，不會再被截斷。

  * 每日公會能獲得的經驗上限提高25%。

  * 每週公會能獲得的聲望上限提高25%。

  * 公會經驗上限現在從20級移除，原本為23級。

  * 公會商人所販賣的黑暗鳳凰的韁繩已經美化。現在質地不像之前那樣透明，無可否認看起來更棒了。

**物品**

  * 若一名玩家在需求優先的系統中以需求贏得擲骰而獲得裝備綁定的物品，該物品會與玩家靈魂綁定。若此物品經由貪婪擲骰贏得，則將維持不綁定。

  * 商人販賣的T11物品現在可使用正義點數購買。

  * 暗月卡:颶風在觸發時造成的傷害已提高40%，然而卻不再能造成致命一擊，而且此傷害不會再從裝備的玩家獲得任何的傷害加成。

  * 為了在使用者介面上留下更多空間放置新功能，鑰匙圈欄位已移除。

    * 在遊戲中不再具有功用的鑰匙已從玩家的物品欄中移除。玩家將自動獲得每一支鑰匙從商人購得的賣價等值的金幣。

    * 已無效的任務鑰匙會從玩家的物品欄中移除。

    * 對玩家可能仍有用處的鑰匙將會被轉移到平時在使用的背包空間內。若玩家的背包已滿，這些鑰匙將會存放在一個暫時的備用物品欄內，直到玩家擁有足夠的空位。
一旦擁有空位，這些鑰匙將會在玩家登出或切換地圖區域後出現在玩家的背包內。

  * PvP物品及獎勵

    * 商人販賣的第9季物品現在可使用榮譽點數購買。

    * 鬥士武器

      * 第10季的征服點數武器只有在當季達到需求的最低征服點數總額才能購買。例如，購買殘酷鬥士尖刺只需要3400點征服點數，但玩家必須先在第10季一
共獲得11650點征服點數後才能進行購買。

      * 第9季的榮譽點數武器只有在當季達到需求的最低榮譽點數總額才能購買。例如，購買兇惡鬥士尖刺只需要3400點榮譽點數，但玩家必須先在第10季一共
獲得18500點榮譽點數後才能進行購買。

      * 一旦達到購買武器所需的最低點數總額，便可以用所列的價格購買所有可以購買的武器。在購買後，已獲得的點數總額並不會重設。

      * 在商人處的武器，其提示資訊上會告訴玩家當季還需要獲得多少征服或榮譽點數才能購買該物品。

    * 積分戰場獎勵

      * 新的PvP地面坐騎，兇惡戰狼(部落)及兇惡戰駒(聯盟)將會獎勵給完成75場、150場及300場積分戰場勝利的玩家，而不再獎勵給每一季結束時在
競技場排名前0.5%的玩家。這個獎勵系統是為了鼓勵戰場的精神。每一次完成成就都會獎勵一隻帳號綁定的坐騎，使贏得150場及300場的玩家可以獲得第二及第三隻同
樣的坐騎。然後這些額外獲得的坐騎可以寄給其他的角色，因為牠們是帳號綁定的。這些坐騎在達到成就時就會自動獲得，無需等到賽季結束。

    * 套裝獎勵

      * 浩劫與重生中的2件PvP套裝韌性加成不會再堆疊了。如果玩家各穿著兩件來自兩套不同的套裝，玩家只會獲得一次400點韌性等級的加成。此項變更並不
會套用在過去的資料片提供的PvP套裝上。

**專業技能**

  * 工程學

    * D.E.H.T.A.最近將大批的小動物置於他們的保護傘之下，特別是兔子與松鼠。由於這個緣故，燧鎖的發射器被改裝使用野生的雞，直到能達成「協議」。

  * 剝皮

    * 玩家不能再對其他玩家正在剝皮或拾取物品的屍體進行剝皮。

**PvP**

  * 競技場

    * 勇武之環再次加入競技場的出賽場地。玩家將不再由地圖中央的升降機開始比賽。他們現在會由競技場兩側相對的準備房間開始進行戰鬥。

  * 戰場

    * 個人的配對積分欄位已經從積分戰場的分數列表中移除，並由隊伍的配對積分取代。

    * 10人積分戰場已經加入暴風之眼。為更貼近10v10的競爭，佔領式的拉鋸戰已經改為阿拉希盆地的奪旗模式。這個改變只適用於積分戰場。普通的暴風之眼仍
是佔領式拉鋸戰的15人戰場。

    * 戰歌峽谷已經加回積分戰場當中。

    * 戰爭比賽

      * 戰爭比賽的介面已經做出許多改良。現在它擁有自己的面板以方便使用，而只有團隊/隊伍的隊長能對另外一個隊伍發起戰爭比賽的挑戰。

**任務與生物**

  * 現在，低等級的生物不會再有奇怪的致命或閃躲機率了。

  * 生物現在對玩家顯示的能量回復速度變得順暢了。

**種族**

  * 現在所有的玩家種族都擁有/咆哮的聲音了。

**使用者介面**

  * 介面選項的畫面已經修正了尺寸，以符合影像及音效的尺寸。這使得小型單位框架檔案能有較大的面板。

  * 插件現在無法再聰明地透過內建的裝備管理員進行物品的調換了。

  * 角色選擇畫面上的角色順序現可重新進行排序與儲存。

  * 施法條現可移到角色框架的下方顯示。

  * 角色的天賦專精現在可以在戰場的分數列表上以游標指向名稱來顯示。

  * 現在能在單位框架上執行解散野獸的選項了。

  * 現在角色的耐久度顯示會在裝備耐久度低於20%時顯示黃色，而非在剩下5點的時候才顯示。

  * 巨集視窗和法術書現在可以同時打開，使玩家能夠更加直覺式地製作巨集。此外，巨集視窗現在有一個儲存/取消的按鈕。

  * 點擊滑鼠來進行移動的移動面板現已內建在基本介面當中。

  * 現在可以更簡單地將遊戲客戶端的語言改變為該地區可用的任何語言。

  * 現在可以透過小地圖的追蹤來選取一個目標或專注目標(不包括敵對玩家)。

  * 商人現在會顯示他們接受的兌換通貨種類.

**技術問題**

  * Blizzard下載器現在會運用萬用隨插即用 (UPnP)
的功能在連接埠的配置上。如果你的路由器支援UPnP，它會自動開啟它需要的連接埠，而你的下載將會不受限制。

   [1]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/patch-notes/

   [2]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2658255

   [3]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2685001

   [4]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2682944

   [5]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2685003

   [6]: #general

   [7]: #achievements

   [8]: #classes

   [9]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/6.gif

   [10]: #deathknights

   [11]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/11.gif

   [12]: #druids

   [13]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/3.gif

   [14]: #hunters

   [15]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/8.gif

   [16]: #mages

   [17]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/2.gif

   [18]: #paladins

   [19]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/5.gif

   [20]: #priests

   [21]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/4.gif

   [22]: #rogues

   [23]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/7.gif

   [24]: #shaman

   [25]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/9.gif

   [26]: #warlocks

   [27]: http://us.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/1.gif

   [28]: #warriors

   [29]: #currency

   [30]: #dungeons

   [31]: #guilds

   [32]: #items

   [33]: #professions

   [34]: #pvp

   [35]: #quests

   [36]: #races

   [37]: #ui

   [38]: #technical

   [39]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011646/

   [40]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/#forum1033923

   [41]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/death-knight

   [42]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/druid

   [43]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/hunter

   [44]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/mage

   [45]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/paladin

   [46]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/priest

   [47]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/rogue

   [48]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/shaman

   [49]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/warlock

   [50]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/warrior

   [51]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011645/

   [52]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/2187372/

   [53]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/item/

   [54]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011647/

   [55]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/pvp/

   [56]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011692/

   [57]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/game/race/

   [58]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011693/

   [59]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/1011701/

   [60]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/patch-notes/

   [61]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/blog/2236785#blog

   [62]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/blog/2236784#blog

   [63]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/blog/2219880#blog

   [64]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/blog/2220755#blog

   [65]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/6.gif

   [66]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/11.gif

   [67]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/3.gif

   [68]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/8.gif

   [69]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/2.gif

   [70]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/5.gif

   [71]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/4.gif

   [72]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/7.gif

   [73]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/9.gif

   [74]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/1.gif

   [75]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878728/

   [76]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/

   [77]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/death-knight

   [78]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/druid

   [79]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/hunter

   [80]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/mage

   [81]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/paladin

   [82]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/priest

   [83]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/rogue

   [84]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/shaman

   [85]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/warlock

   [86]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/class/warrior

   [87]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878731/

   [88]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878771/

   [89]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/item/

   [90]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878727/

   [91]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/pvp/

   [92]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878726/

   [93]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/game/race/

   [94]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/878734/

   [95]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/de/forum/975482/

   [96]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/patch-notes/

   [97]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2236785

   [98]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2236784

   [99]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/blog/2219880

   [100]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874701/

   [101]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/

   [102]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/death-knight

   [103]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/druid

   [104]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/hunter

   [105]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/mage

   [106]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/paladin

   [107]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/priest

   [108]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/rogue

   [109]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/shaman

   [110]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/warlock

   [111]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/class/warrior

   [112]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874704/

   [113]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874786/

   [114]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/item/

   [115]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874699/

   [116]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/pvp/

   [117]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874700/

   [118]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/game/race/

   [119]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/forum/874706/

   [120]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/patch-notes/ptr-patch-notes

   [121]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2236785

   [122]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2236784

   [123]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2219880

   [124]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2220755

   [125]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/872827/

   [126]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/#forum872819

   [127]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/death-knight

   [128]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/druid

   [129]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/hunter

   [130]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/mage

   [131]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/paladin

   [132]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/priest

   [133]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/rogue

   [134]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/shaman

   [135]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/warlock

   [136]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/warrior

   [137]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/880013/

   [138]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/880018/

   [139]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/item/

   [140]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/872826/

   [141]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/pvp/

   [142]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/872825/

   [143]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/game/race/

   [144]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/880016/

   [145]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/es/forum/975480/

   [146]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2705802#blog

   [147]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2703097#blog

   [148]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2690299#blog

   [149]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/blog/2699730#blog

   [150]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050601/

   [151]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/#forum1033923

   [152]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/death-knight

   [153]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/druid

   [154]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/hunter

   [155]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/mage

   [156]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/paladin

   [157]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/priest

   [158]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/rogue

   [159]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/shaman

   [160]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/warlock

   [161]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/class/warrior

   [162]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050609/

   [163]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050602/

   [164]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/item/

   [165]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050608/

   [166]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/pvp/

   [167]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050607/

   [168]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/game/race/

   [169]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050875/

   [170]: http://us.battle.net/wow/es/forum/1050599/

   [171]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/patch-notes/

   [172]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/blog/2236785

   [173]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/blog/2236784

   [174]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/blog/2219880

   [175]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/blog/2220755

   [176]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879115/

   [177]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/

   [178]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/shaman

   [179]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/hunter

   [180]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/death-knight

   [181]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/warlocks

   [182]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/warlock

   [183]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/druid

   [184]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/warrior

   [185]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/mage

   [186]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/paladin

   [187]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/priest

   [188]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/class/rogue

   [189]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879118/

   [190]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879156/

   [191]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/item/

   [192]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879114/

   [193]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/pvp/

   [194]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879113/

   [195]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/game/race/

   [196]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879119/

   [197]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/fr/forum/879110/

   [198]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/patch-notes/

   [199]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/blog/728034#blog

   [200]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/blog/736938#blog

   [201]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/blog/736937#blog

   [202]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/blog/736936#blog

   [203]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/6.gif

   [204]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/11.gif

   [205]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/3.gif

   [206]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/8.gif

   [207]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/2.gif

   [208]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/5.gif

   [209]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/4.gif

   [210]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/7.gif

   [211]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/9.gif

   [212]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/static/images/icons/class/1.gif

   [213]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/#forum439266

   [214]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/#forum439271

   [215]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/death-knight

   [216]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/druid

   [217]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/hunter

   [218]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/mage

   [219]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/paladin

   [220]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/priest

   [221]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/rogue

   [222]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/shaman

   [223]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/warlock

   [224]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/game/class/warrior

   [225]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/439268/

   [226]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/439267/

   [227]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/item/

   [228]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/439270/

   [229]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/pvp/

   [230]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/kr/game/race/

   [231]: http://kr.battle.net/wow/ko/forum/440021/

   [232]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/patch-notes/

   [233]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/blog/2236785#blog

   [234]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/blog/2236784#blog

   [235]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/blog/2219880#blog

   [236]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/blog/2220755#blog

   [237]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/896048/

   [238]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/#forum1033923

   [239]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/death-knight

   [240]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/druid

   [241]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/hunter

   [242]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/mage

   [243]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/paladin

   [244]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/priest

   [245]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/rogue

   [246]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/shaman

   [247]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/warlock

   [248]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/class/warrior

   [249]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/896073/

   [250]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/896078/

   [251]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/item/

   [252]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/profession/

   [253]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/pvp/

   [254]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/896046/

   [255]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/game/race/

   [256]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/896076/

   [257]: http://eu.battle.net/wow/ru/forum/975483/

   [258]: http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/patchnotes/index.asp

   [259]: http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/Gameinfo/Classes/deathknight
/deathknight.asp

   [260]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/druid/druid.asp

   [261]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/hunter/hunter.asp

   [262]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/mage/mage.asp

   [263]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/paladin/paladin.asp

   [264]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/priest/priest.asp

   [265]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/rogue/rogue.asp

   [266]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/shaman/shaman.asp

   [267]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/warlock/warlock.asp

   [268]:
http://www.wowtaiwan.com.tw/03Gameguide/gameinfo/Classes/warrior/warrior.asp

