

**World of Warcraft: Cataclysm Beta Patch Notes (version 12942)**

Welcome to the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm beta test! Patch notes listed here
are not comprehensive and will be changed throughout the testing process.

To leave feedback about your test experience, please visit our [Cataclysm Beta
forums][1]. You may need to clear your browser cookies and cache and log out
of our [live forums][2] in order to view the beta forums.

**General**

  * The Alliance starting experience for worgen is available. Venture through
the cursed lands of Gilneas to discover your true path! Currently the female
worgen character is not available for testing.

  * The Horde starting experience for goblins is available. Beginning on the
Isle of Kezan in a goblin paradise, players will face a treacherous road
ahead!

  * The level cap for all characters is 85.

  * Elements of the guild leveling, perks, and roster page are now functional.
Players should once again be able to buy and register guild charters, which
now only require five signatures. See the Known Issues section for issues
associated with this new system.

    * The amount of experience required to reach new guild levels has been
substantially reduced.

  * Creature damage output has been increased from roughly level 65 and up.
These increases scale upward with level. Creatures in exterior zones at level
80 now have 2.5 times the damage output they did previously in beta, 3.2 times
at level 81, and 4 times at level 82 and up. To leave feedback about how this
change feels with regard to creature spawns in level 80-85 exterior zones,
visit our forums [here][3].

  * Cataclysm Launcher Update

    * The new Cataclysm Launcher allows you to stream game data while you
play. This will reduce the time you spend downloading, installing, and
patching World of Warcraft. We'd like to get your feedback on the toolset and
gameplay experience. Please head to the forums [here][4] for additional
information.

  * Flight Master's License is a new flight skill required for flying around
Kalimdor and Eastern Kingdoms, available to characters levels 60 and higher
for 250 gold.

  * Players may use our Character Copy feature for copying existing characters
to beta realms, or may choose from high-level pre-made template characters.

  * Level 85 pre-made template characters are now available for copy.

**PvP**

  * Honor has been adjusted completely. Any activity which yields Honor will
now award much less. The Honor cost of items has been reduced to compensate.

  * Tol Barad is now available for testing. Players can reach the zone by
speaking to NPCs in the capital cities.

  * Battlegrounds

    * Battleground queues should once again be functional.

    * [Twin Peaks][5] is now available for testing.

    * The Battle for Gilneas is now available for testing.

**Zones**

  * Mount Hyjal and Vashj'ir are available for testing.

  * Deepholm is available for testing.

  * Uldum is partially available for testing.

  * Twilight Highlands is partially available for testing.

  * The level ranges of Gilneas and the Lost Isles are in the process of being
adjusted slightly. Creature, quest, and quest reward levels are all being
altered so that players finish questing in these zones roughly by level 12.
Further fine tuning will continue in future content updates.

  * Several zones have had quest maps integrated.

  * Eastern Kingdoms

    * Arathi Highlands, Badlands, Blasted Lands, Burning Steppes, The Cape of
Stranglethorn, Dun Morogh, Duskwood, Eastern Plaguelands, Elwynn Forest,
Hillsbrad Foothills, Hinterlands, Loch Modan, Northern Stranglethorn,
Northshire, Redridge Mountains, Searing Gorge, Silverpine Forest, Swamp of
Sorrows, Tirisfal Glades, Western Plaguelands and Westfall are ready for
testing.

  * Kalimdor

    * Most zones in Kalimdor are available for testing, though work continues
on polishing the quest experience and flow, as well as zone aesthetics.

**Dungeons & Raids**

  * Hero Points have been renamed Justice Points.

  * All 5-player Cataclysm dungeons are now available for testing.

  * Players no longer need to discover pre-Cataclysm dungeons in order to
access them via the Looking For Dungeon system. All Cataclysm level 80-85
dungeons still need to be discovered before being unlocked in the system.

**Classes: General**

  * All spell and ability tooltips will now display damage averages rather
than minimum and maximum damage potential. This feature is on by default but
can be changed via the Display settings under User Interface options. Note:
this change has not yet been implemented for the mage class.

  * Ammo has been removed from the game.

  * The character levels at which classes gain new spells and abilities have
changed.

  * Many item and class stats have been changed or removed.

  * Rage has been normalized.

  * Spells and abilities no longer have multiple ranks and now scale with
character level.

  * New talent trees have been implemented.

    * Each specialization has been reduced to a 31-point talent tree.

    * Players will now get a total of 41 talent points to spend.

    * 31 points must be spent in the primary specialization tree before any
points can be placed in additional trees.

    * Players will be asked to choose a specialization at level 10. Doing so
will result in the unlocking of a spell or ability unique to that
specialization, as well as one or more passive bonuses.

    * More information regarding our plans for talent trees can be found
[here][6].

**Death Knights**

  * A dedicated tanking tree has been implemented.

  * The way in which runes recharge has changed.

**Druids**

  * A new Eclipse mechanic has been added for druids. The feature is
functional, but the interface art is still a work in-progress.

**Hunters**

  * Five pets can now be stored with the hunter at all times. Any one of these
five pets can be summoned via the Call Pet ability.

  * Focus has replaced mana as a new resource.

  * Hunters now start with a pet at level 1.

  * The Stable will now store 20 pets. If a pet is moved into the Stable, its
talents are wiped.

**Mages**

  * There is now a new spell fly-out UI feature for mage portals. Clicking on
the Teleport or Portal buttons will expand the list of choices available.

**Paladins**

  * Paladins now have a new resource bar.

  * We are in the process of overhauling many paladin talents, spells and
abilities. Expect updates in upcoming patches.

**Warlocks**

  * There is now a new spell fly-out UI feature for warlock pets. Clicking on
this single button will open up the list of available pets to summon.

  * Soul Shards have been removed from the game as items. Instead, they now
exist as a resource system necessary for using, or altering the mechanics of
certain spells.

**Items**

  * Resilience no longer reduces the chance a player will be critically hit by
an opponent.

  * Durability: cloth, leather, and mail now have as many points of durability
as plate, making the repair cost on death much closer to equal for all
classes.

**Professions**

  * Archaeology, a new secondary profession, has been added. Players can learn
this profession in order to search for ancient artifacts around the world to
advance their Archaeology skill and create unique new items.

    * To recover artifacts, you need to collect artifact fragments. Fragments
are found in dig sites visible on your map. When you reach a dig site, use the
Survey ability. Your survey tool will indicate the approximate direction and
distance to the cache of fragments. You can collect fragments three times in a
dig site before you need to move to a new dig site. Once you have enough
fragments, you can solve an artifact to learn a little more about Azeroth's
past. Happy hunting!

  * The updated glyph system is now functional.

  * The Reforging interface has been implemented and the NPCs should now be
functional for testing this feature.

**User Interface**

  * The ability to use third-party addons has been enabled.

  * Leave feedback about the latest user interface changes [ here][7].

  * Spell Alerts have been added to notify players when procs on select spells
and abilities occur. A visual notification will display around the character
and the activated ability will be highlighted on the action bar.

  * The Arena Teams pane has been improved.

  * Auto-quests have been added to the game. Players will automatically be
given an auto-quest by entering specific areas in the game world. This alert
will appear distinctly in the Objectives pane via the Advanced Quest Tracking
feature. These quests will still be given to players with full Quest Logs, but
will count toward the 25 total allotted quests if the log is not full.

  * The Character pane has been redesigned. Character stats can now be shown
or hidden via the Show All Details/Hide All Details button on the bottom left.
When shown, all character stats will be visible in a window to the right of
the pane. Stat sections can be reorganized by clicking and dragging them up or
down the pane.

  * The Professions panes now have more filtering and search functionality, as
well as buttons to easily link recipes in the chat frame.

  * A Professions screen has been added to the Spellbook to better display the
details of a character's primary and secondary professions.

  * Many of the yellow System Messages that would display in the chat frame
when leveling up have been removed.

  * New text animations now alert players as they level up, also providing
information on when new talents, spells and abilities are available.

  * Professions and Class Trainers windows have been altered to more clearly
display available and upcoming purchases.

  * Raid frames are now available and have temporarily replaced the standard
party frames so that players can test them.

  * The Spellbook interface has been improved for greater ease-of-use and
visual appeal.

**Graphics**

  * Improved water and lava rendering system (Video Options - Liquid Detail on
the Graphics Panel)

  * Dynamic Sunshafts effect (Video Options - Sunshafts on the Graphics Panel)

  * Multi-monitor support (Video Options - Primary Monitor on the Graphics
Panel)

  * OpenGL Hardware Cursor support for Windows (Video Options - Hardware
Cursor on the Advanced Panel)

  * Experimental support for DX11 (enabled by passing '-d3d11' on the command
line or adding SET gxApi "d3d11" to the Config.WTF file)

**Known Issues**

  * General Issues

    * The Swift Spectral Gryphon does not increase movement speed.

    * Several helmet models appear as error cubes on goblin male and female
characters.

    * One of the Worgen skin textures is appearing on the human form on the
face.

    * Pyrite Deposits, Elementium Veins, and Rich Elementium Veins cannot be
mined from.

    * First Aid recipes are not showing up in the Spellbook once learned.

    * Mounts (both flying and ground) cannot be used in several parts of the
world.

    * Some trainers are not functioning properly.

    * Robes do not have durability.

    * You are not able to learn a second profession.

    * Removing a member from an Arena team will crash your client.

    * The Abyssal Seahorse requires Artisan Riding to use, but the Subdued
Abyssal Seahorse only requires Expert Riding to learn.

    * The portal from the Deepholm Temple of Earth to Orgrimmar currently
spawns players underneath the world.

    * Worgen are playing their idle sound effect every time they stop moving.

    * There is a large section of terrain that is blocking the entrance to
Night Web's Hollow.

    * Several cloaks are displayed incorrectly on draenei females.

    * Players are currently unable to create new worgen characters.

  * Combat

    * Experience gained from completing Battleground objectives is very low.

    * Players are unable to have more than 40 honor at once.

    * The client may lock up after finishing an Alterac Valley or Isle of
Conquest game.

    * Ritual of Summoning does not actually create a Summoning Stone.

    * Strand of the Ancients is not working correctly for the attacking or
defending teams.

    * Heart of the Phoenix does not revive a hunter's pet after it dies.

    * Bane of Doom does not summon a Demon Guardian.

    * Wild Mushroom does not scale with spell power.

    * Players are unable to get the Veteran buff when joining a Tol Barad
battle after it has started.

    * Floating Combat Text is not functioning.

    * The spell effect visuals for Healing Rain and Earthquake look awkward
when cast on a staircase or a steep incline.

  * Quests

    * Lord Darius Crowley is sporting a placeholder cube on his head.

    * Corpses are not tapped on the quest "Free Your Mind" allowing other
players to use the Sovereign Rod on targets they did not kill.

    * The quest giver item Tattered Treasure Map can drop again after the
quest "The Horde's Hoard" has been completed.

    * Sound is cutting in and out during two segments of Mor'norokk's voice
over during the quest, "Some Spraining to Do".

    * Chip Endale cannot path causing him to evade if pulled during combat.

    * The bones for the quest "Spirits of Stonemaul Hold" cannot be interacted
with.

    * Characters cannot interact with Egg of Onyxia for the quest "The Brood
of Onyxia."

    * While on the quest "Blood and Thunder!" NPCs will despawn prior to the
event and the quest cannot be completed.

  * Reputation

    * It is possible to mark yourself At War with your guild in the reputation
window.

**Bug Fixes**

  * Players should no longer die upon taking the portal to the Maelstrom
during 'The Maelstrom.'

  * The male troll shoulder geometry has been realigned.

  * The quest giver Toshe Chaosrender is should no longer spawn underground.

  * Players can eat in Vashj'ir.

  * Gaining a talent point no longer displays every time a level is gained.

  * Crafted mounts no longer producing errors when used.

  * Guild controls, banks, and experience should now be working properly.

  * Ground mounts can no longer be used when underwater in Vashj'ir.

  * Players should no longer get stuck at the loading screen when teleporting
to Moonglade en route to Hyjal.

  * Characters with two professions learned should again be able to train new
spells.

  * There is no longer a section of geometry missing from where the floor and
wall meet in Fireland Hatchery.

  * Gnome and troll character no longer have a broken background displayed as
well as a LUA error at the character selection and creation screens.

  * Sudden Death procs should now reset the cooldown of Colossus Smash.

  * Hairstyles should no longer cause the male worgen face to disappear.

  * Shadow Protection is now functioning correctly.

  * Entering a phase with phased terrain (i.e. Rim of the World) no longer
boots players from flying mounts.

  * Players are now able to receive Stoneskin Totem from shaman trainers.

  * The quest "Up the Volcano" can now be completed.

  * Characters now ride the Swift Seahorse for the quest "Waking the Beast."

  * The mob Tendril from Below should no longer fall below the world when
killed.

  * Globe of Boiling Water should now drop from Scalding Water Lords for the
quest "Full of Hot Water."

  * The quest "Blackfin's Booty" can be completed.

  * The quest "Offering to Azshara" can be completed.

  * The quest "Seeds of Discord" should reset properly.

  * The rug in Stormglen Inn is should no longer be experiencing z-fighting
with the floor beneath it.

  * The fire damage from lava should no longer hit players at any height.

  * Trainers are functioning properly.

  * Selecting a character on the character select screen after creating a new
one will no longer cause the game to display and act on the character two
slots above the selected one.

   [1]: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/index.html?sid=2000

   [2]: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/board.html?forumId=10001

   [3]: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=26435496423&sid=2000

   [4]: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=26262801168&sid=2000

   [5]: http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/cataclysm/features/twinpeaks.html

   [6]: http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/info/underdev/4p0/classandmastery.xml

   [7]: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=26560766722&sid=2000&pageNo=1

